  how much do you want me to tell you .
yes . . well um I can remember the housing estate we used to live in   .
and I can remember the names . of um most of our neighbours . um .
Mr Parks used to live next door . and he was the he worked in the .
iron mongers shop hardware shop they're called today   .
and um . the bonfire boys . who used to um . come to life on the fifth of November .
used to plan for a whole year . beforehand . and he
because he'd . worked in the . gypsum mines .
he knew all about the explosives in fact he had to handle the explosives . for the gypsum mines
  and . and um . ah .
quite illegally he used to pass on the explosives on to the bonfire boys .  
but it wasn't so funny one day when one   one late one evening .
when um a barrel of eh   gunpowder that was standing on someones back
door step exploded . and killed one of them . and blew the face off another one
but ah
it didn't it didn't really slow down the bonfire celebrations though all the same  
do you want me to say some more?
yeah mum and dad   and that sort of thing .
yes well . um looking at my father he was um . ah   ah .   he   he fought in the
put his age up actually so that he could   fight in the First World War   .
and um . he was injured he had a bullet through his foot .   .
and um that left him . um with a twenty percent disability and um .
ah but after a while he   he over came it by using his shoe .
as as the cos one foot one   one foot was shorter than the other   .
using his his shoe as the toes .
yeah
. and um anyway . ah . he worked as . a provision hand .
in um ah a grocery . shop   . and um .
provision hands were more important in those days cos you got a big .
huge   ya' know . um .
slab of butter and you had to bring it down into
little bits you know   when you handed it out to people
  the ham was all seperate and cheese I remember him taking me
once .     yes
remember him     showing me how to skin a cheese
you know you grab your cheese   all that sort of stuff anyway . he um .
he was um .   made redundant .   when the when the ah depression came .  
and um he did get a he did get a a job .
but it left him um with . um   a quite a ah    
problem with confidence   cos he had this . mother and this um .
wife and child   ya' know and all that sort of stuff and we didn't have much money    
and ah it was   his his ah employer was called Mr Sweatman .
which is a very appropriate name   . anyway he .
we went down we shifted down to Hastings and started a new shop down there for Mr Sweatman
.   and ah . my ah . father finally plucked up courage courage and   applied for a job
. else where in a big .   grocery chain .   and um
immediately of course Mr Sweatman said oh ah I'll give you extra money
and I'll give you extra holidays   all that   sort of stuff but ah
it was too late
it was too late   and um ah . from there he just . um .
really made progress you know and he was eventually area manager for a a big bakery
  firm and all that sort of stuff
so ah yeah . but ah . I've got very good memories of him .
  he was a great father really yeah
when you moved out to New Zealand . how old was he? .
um .
ah he was ah what would he have been . ah . late fifties I spose .  
um . anyway he died at the age of sixty two   . and ah um .
of course I was an only child so . and we didn't have any relatives in England so .
I went over and grabbed my mother   and sold everything up .
  and um . she came out here   and ah .
it was very good she was sixty when she came out here   .
and ah . at ninety she was still serving in the . Cathedral Shop .
  so she settled in very well .
in fact it was
air was good for her
well it was more Englsih in those days I think   so she just sort of   .
    seamlessly .  um
fitted in .   you know from Hereford where we lived   .
in the Cathedral there .
the Cathedral community there she just went straight into the Chirsthcurch community here
and she liked
to walk and she got a   brought a house in Sumner . and   she liked to walk along the beach
and   all that sort of thing   ya' know .
so she had . er thirty pretty good years   you know
    even . you know without a husband
mmm
good place to live   nice place to live   New Zealand     excellent  
thank you . got lots um of good . things for them to analyze   .
um     ok   what did you have for breakfast? .
um . what I always have . which is um .
three cups of tea   um . my own homemade muesli .  
and a banana .
that's what I always have
no nothing like that
oh unless I'm on holiday
I'm on holiday or something   but not at home mmm
father used to always used to make homemade muesli so that's my favourite thing
right mmm
cool ok . um . right so um basically the last thing we are going to do is um
I'm going to get you to read this .   but it's not a test of reading skills
so um feel free to read through it a few times and
. um get an idea of . how it all goes um . and then when you're ready you can um
say it from start to finish   yip so just take your time and have a read    
alright .
right . start now
. the grandfather passage  
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons   missing .
a long beard clears clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small   organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
yip .
                                                                                
