how how early?
Interviewer  um maybe from when you were about ten years old  
sure I .
climbed down . a cliff to collect some . seagulls eggs and .
I hurt my hand on the . steel hawser which I was using as a belaying rope down the cliff .
Interviewer  oh no  
I it was an old um wartime . er observation point in the north east of England
and I climbed down but the the cable was rusty and the pieces of metal went into my hands .
and I had to hang on because there was three hundred foot down .
to fall onto the rocks or into the sea   so I had to .
just do it then pull out and     so that was that
Interviewer  did you have any lasting damage?
no no   no it was just bits of rust
rusty cable
kids do strange things  
Interviewer   they do I   I think boys as well tend to do   .
oh yes . boys are always getting into trouble so don't worry
Interviewer  much more adventurous things
yeah   I I don't think I got into trouble too much   I was quite   studious
so um can you tell me a bit about your family  
right immediate family is myself my wife and two children . twins .
one at boys' high school one at girls' high school .
um they are a bit hedonistic in that they just think of themselves they don't want to worry about what goes on in the house they don't help around the house .
yeah always asking for money .
um they're doing reasonably well at school .
Amy will probably take fine arts James will probably take computer science .
um and we live on the side of the road in a rented house in Fendalton .   end of story
Interviewer  well they sound like normal sixteen year olds then
I   I wouldn't know . yeah
Interviewer  if they um don't help around the house and um
that's right . you reckon oh okay
Interviewer  just think of themselves they're probably quite normal
yeah well that's it
Interviewer  I'd say so
they'll grow out of it
I hope so whether I'll grow out of it I don't know  
Interviewer  okay thanks . um what did you have for breakfast?  
this morning I had . some boiled eggs with toast and I had a cup of coffee .
and then I left to go down to the arts centre .
the museum area where I looked for this photographic exhibition which was only due for tomorrow
so I enjoyed . myself and my camera inside the museum area taking various photographs which I still have to process .
Interviewer  excellent . what do you like best for breakfast? .
bacon and eggs
Interviewer  good answer okay so we're nearly finished are you   okay   cool . um . all right
