an early childhood memory . um of being locked .
in a room and being very frightened   and not being able to   get out again .
and being panick sticken   that's the earliest
childhood memory I ever have because it probably traumatised me
I well my mother says I was about two .
  we were playing you know cowboys and Indians or something like that but
yes panick yeah yeah mm
can you tell me something about your family?
my family I'm haven't got a very big family   um both my parents were only . children   and um they've both died .
ah and I've only got one son   and my brother has   also died   so there's all I've got is .
is my son and my cat  
  that's   in contrast to me I have forty cousins
oh how wonderful ah wonderful
  my brother always used to say to me though     . because I used to get quite unhappy about not having any family  
and he always used to say to me you can choose your um .
friends but you can't choose your family   because there is so much conflict in so many families   isn't there .
so I I hold onto that when I think about
you know when I start to feel a bit . lonely  
to get along with them so get along with your son I'm sure you do anyway   he's fine excellent .
um . thanks so what did you have for breakfast?  
I don't . eat breakfast
no I never eat breakfast   I never have eaten breakfast  
instead or   do you just wait til lunch  
um usually about four o'clock in the afternoon I start to get hungry
  and . I don't stop eating until I go to bed   and I know that's
those are very bad eating habits but that's .
it's binge eating really . mm   but I can't face food first thing in the morning I just   .
I can remember the days when I used to have to make school lunches .
  and really it was an ordeal   you know when you   can't face food .
you would have to because you yeah . exactly
so hard and   .
and they'd say oh have a banana   but bananas are the worst things to try   and so I ended up just toast
dry toast sometimes I'd have  
when I'm on holiday .     I you know staying at nice hotels   and they put on a gorgeous
buffet breakfast   I do I do I do   and um .
and and for lunches too   if I'm if I'm meeting friends for lunch I . will certainly
often I'm on the road you know     because of my job   amd I'm sort of going from client to client and and
I don't have time to stop
    one client in particular . if I'm there in the morning she'll give me a piece of cake .   which I will eat
  I've never turned down cake I've got a friend actually she's a massage therapist and she's  
working all day long and . and she just doesn't eat
but but she would need to eat
  becasue she's expending so much energy   isn't she  
heaps when she gets home but she'd never have breakfast or anything I just don't know how she does it   but
no can't can't face it
    I've the odd occasion I've sort of been overwhelmed and I've .
stopped and bought a pie   and   driving along noshing on a pie and how they're kind of revolting you know
how absolutely revolting
sometimes I'll just get milk .
oh okay well   that's healthy
  when I when I really   need someting I find it's good cos you can get it down . really quickly   mm  
I find chocolate milk . normally   not normal okay
so we're nearly done now are you . are you okay?   yip excellent . so um  
