I remember my father and I used to .
race along the path there was a long from a . four year old three year old's point of view a long path out to the street
and one day he won I always bet him but one day he won
  it's a very vivid memory .   and I remember being so surprised
oh he always let me win
except on this surprising occasion  
could you tell me a little bit about your family as well .
oh I had the   mother and father . ah two grandmothers one grandfather . my father's father died before I was born .
and I had one older brother   .
I've never been marrried my brother has two sons they all live in Canada .
the sons come out and visit . well so does my brother my sister in law has Alzheimers disease   or a related disorder   .
so   she had distinct symptoms when she was sixty . so my brother hasn't been out for some years which is a shame . and ah  
my mother had Alzheimers disease . which means that my nephews have got it on both sides of the family  
my mother's sister had .
Alzheimers   plus probably multi infarct   it's called something else now isn't it   but it was then .   yeah
so that was sad both   both of them .
there was no . nothing obvious about their appearance but .
who knew to notice ?   my father reckoned they were both on the ball when they died but  
  called spontaneous Alzheimers so . anyone can get it and it's generally associated with age and they're trying to figure out   .
what else is causing it . to see how people can . prevent it or treat it and things like that .
so that's that's part of what I do is try to look at at different . different   reasons for the cause of Alzheimer's disease
okay thank you . what did you have for breakfast? .
I have um homegrown fruit . which at the moment is . grapes out of the fridge which I cook them .
cos they're biddy tatty .   in porridge   with milk with a bit of cream   . mm .
  mm bout um quarter cream ? or an eighth or something creamy milk not milky cream   yip
no sugar
is that what you like   best for breakfast? .
yeah um yeah well it depends how cold it is otherwise I have um . muesli   .
with fruit and yoghurt not the milky I only have milky cream on porridge  
no salt
okay so we're nearly finished now um are you okay?
mm
