goodness gracious now . I've so many . ah where do I start  
I used to live on a farm . and we . had horses my father was mad on horses .
so we had every sort of horse you could think of and we rode to school bareback on ponies   and .
my earliest   one of my earliest memories is . sitting on the side of the hill waiting for . my older . sister .
sisters and brother to come home from school on the pony . so I could get hold of the pony and get on it . bareback .
and go out with my father and he'd lead me . while he was riding his horse over the farm is that enough ? .
well I was one of   I am one oh we lost one last year that's a brother .  
we   had . I was one of four   three girls and a boy . and as I say we were on a farm .
and we were very farmy people . and lots of animals   and worked on the farm because of the depression we   my father had bought a farm .
a big place . and he'd had . um not a hell of a lot of money he'd lost his leg at the first world war .  
above the knee . and he started farming at Omarama well no sane person . with one leg . would try and .
farm at Omarama in those days you didn't have cars to   ah vehicles to ride round the farm or   post hole diggers or anything .  
but     he was gutsy and and then . we . came down country as we called it onto a farm . where . he had employed . men .
and that was made it easier for him because he couldn't do a lot of the physical things himself you see   .
but it was a big . place to manage and he payed a lot of money for it . in the boom period just equivalent to what we've had a while ago   .
and then . borrowed a lot of money from Wright Stevensons and they promised him when the mortgage ran out that was there   they would . renew it .
  by the time it came to be renewed Wright Stevensons was nearly broke .   and they couldn't afford to . so .
we would have had to walk off or dad would .   but however some man   miracle man came down from the government from Wellington  
rode dad took him out on th farm for about a week and rode round . inspired him to what a good farmer he'd been .
and I think the man . probably took pity on him   and he . agreed that they would lend him this money to get him through .
  but he had a very . tough time
and ah . he was an amazing man . really mm
you have to be to do that  
that enough?
I had a plate of porridge .   just a plate of porridge
easiest thing to have   cream . and brown sugar  
okay so we're nearly finished are you okay?
oh yes fine
