I was doing this writing course and it's hard to remember that but that was a time ago .
  early childhood . I remember   that um    
when . I was . six and a half   . my . mother . and .
her three children of which I was the middle .
were living in Calfornia . and .
um . she used to be very unhappy . and she was unhappy because .
which I didn't know why she was unhappy .
but she used to be unhappy and I used to think there used to she used to cry .
regularly every week sort of it was a weekly event  
but um . it er and it was something that ah we all remembered .
that enough
oh . I came from a happy family I think .
ah my parents um . went to teach in west China when . ah
before they had any children and that was why I was born in China   um  
they were missionaries cos in those days if you were doing anything you either .
were a business person or a missionary . there's no other way of . going to China.
and they went because they um .
had been when they'd been at university they'd been asked by Chinese people to go and help them
  to go and teach them . and um .   so that
the life of the missionary in those days was quite . hard in that .
it was a it was a commitment .   and um my .
so that there was a lot of seperation .  
so that despite the seperation we were a happy family
oh I had some new muesli I have a gluten free diet
  and had muesli in Australia and a
lot of stuff and it's full of all sorts of bits of fruit .
and it so I had that and with some yogurt on it .
oh . what I like best
what I
what I like best . is something like that . with .
yogurts   fine as well but with some cream .
and a bit of um blackcurrent juice .
ya' know   and just that really nice     cos I I . seldom have that
one of my flatmates . um makes pancakes
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm sure they're really good for you
that's right .
very waist expanding
yeah yeah  
this passage . um and it's not a test of reading skills feel free to read through it and get
familiar with it before you read it out loud        
the grandfather passage  
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more . and smoke less but he always answers
banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language
good
except for my   . drawing
yeah that drawing
think about eight times out of ten or something people say that horrible drawing one
no it wasn't a horrible drawing it's just that I   yeah because you surprised me
ooh I've gotten so many evil looks over the last couple of   weeks from people saying
. you didn't tell me I know I wasn't allowed
yes I know na na na na no no
                                                                                
