one of my first memories it's not a pleasant one is
I was nine months old and I was in my cot . and my father oh 'scuse me .
came along and shook the cot . and pick me up and threw me down .
I can remember that quite vividly . um
I was nine months old that's one of my first memories of my father
yeah .
no I can't think
of a nice one
it's amazing that . I mean   you would never know that you were a person that
had that sort of upbringing I mean you're so alive you know   which is  
which is amazing and   quite inspirational actually
oh thank you Hannah yeah
because   I can't imagine having . that life and being able to get through it and you have
mmm oh absolutely
so can you tell me a little bit about your family about your children .
um I had two sons ah     they're     they're .
interesting people they have both suffered with addiction problems  
which has been very stressful for me .  
um but they're both loving caring people and currently . um are dealing
well they're living positive lives . with jobs 'n' .   um things like that
  um I've felt I feel and am close to both my sons   .
and they're aware of my background . um  
because they don't see their aunt and uncle or anything like that we're a very small family
  um . because of addiction really   but still physically small as well
  because um . the name will die out .   um . but that's ok .
ah they're nice people and I really appreaciate them for who they are   .
and I got a good relationship um . with both of them because they know I don't judge them
  . and they um . yeah I just have a very open honest relationship with them  
  which is really nice yes
with with your life that your   able to except that you know
they have to deal with addiction um
and are there to help them
oh absolutely that one of the thing
yeah that's one of the things my oldest son said to me recently .
he was so grateful to me   because
you know I was a listener and even though he knew some of the things he'd done I'd felt
incredible pain   about he knew that I didn't judge him
so that
yeah yeah
yeah it's very important
oh thank you . um what did you have for breakfast? .
for breakfast this morning I had fruit salad and yogurt .
um I have porridge gluten free porridge often and .
I like best two things the gluten free porridge and um . grapefruit .
mmm
I like a grapfruit oh very under rated mmm
. it is very good . ok so we're nearly finished   are you ok?
oh yes yes as good as gold
very enjoyable
so um   . basically the last thing we need to do is I'll get you to read this
passage so it's not a test of reading skills so   take your time reading it
  and what ever and when ever you are ready just start reading it aloud
so this is the standard   they give to read
right . the grandfather passage. you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ.
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
yeah that's that's good
oh well I have to say Hannah thank you so much
I was dreading that  
I've had a   oh I'll come back again
it's gone really well well last night I dreamt I was infront of this panel of three  
and they were saying who's the   the um president or prime minister   of Israel
and I'm saying oh . Netanyahu and then I'm trying to remember all these other
questions I had fired at me   it was terrible
but I have to say this has been lovely I've really enjoyed it
good I'm glad so which test was the hardest .
which test was the hardest um . drawing that thing from memory
was the hardest for me   and
. um that one but even harder than that was trying to think of words beginning with f
  I think because I was disappointed with myself because I can't do maths
maths things but I do have skills with words  
and I'm . reaching to try and get them   and since then I've thought of many
ah all those words and all these   I could have just trotted them out
but that's the nature of
and it's it's it's testing language but it's not just testing language it's testing
how you can pull things out of
yes yes absolutely
necessarily a reflection of
oh no no no
with a time constraint
                                                                                
