um . an early childhood memory I must have been ah two or three   and . I remember
I was lying on the floor of my . of our neighbour's hallway and there was a big rooster sitting on top of my chest .
the rooster now the rooster belonged to Clarke's farm . yard   at the end of our street .
chickens roam so it must have walked down but I was very young I   think I must have been two or three .
then I remember sitting there and I was lying down crying and the rooster was sitting on my .
um tummy or chest    tummy
no it was just sitting there and of course I was that young I was frightened you know so that's that's an early childhood the earliest .
ah the other one was um ah . must have been I don't know if it was during the war or .
after just after the war but I was . kneeling on the bottom of our   me mum's bed .
I could hear the sirens going off and I looked out the   bedroom and it   it was night time   so I remember that the sirens going off   .
and um .   then . ah . just as I got a bit older my first day of school     I was four   .
so they're my earliest childhood memories
Belfast   yes
yeah I know that's right   and you know a lot of the streets in the Belfast area here they're all .
they're from Belfast like the
  all different the names are all ah you can recognise them from Belfast where I come from you know  
yes street and you know that sort of thing that's right
what did you have for breakfast ?
I had I took a large glass of warm water   then I had a kiwifruit . then I had my Kellogs breakfast cereal   and I had
two slices of toast . with jam on
I have gluten free yes yeah
the chai   you know see here chai  
that one there    
that one there   you know the one see that's what I had for breakfast this morning
um yes I do like my I usually have ah boiled egg and toast   .
but because I had breakfast cereal I didn't have the boiled egg  
oh that was a very healthy breakfast  
I do like my boiled egg in the mornings   and . I might eat too many of them but I do like them
Um no because me egg's always hard   no I love my egg on       I put it on top of my toast   and
oh right yeah   yeah that's right   my little grandchildren they get that you know   their mum gives it to them   and  
