right . you made me think of my grandfather . and  
just . within the last fifteen years I've studied the family history .
and our . name ancestor is lost .
and it reminded me .
that when I was very young I sat on my grandfather's knee .
and I could smell the tabacco because he was a pipe smoker .
plus he rolled his own .
from the packet of tabacco
and I remember looking up at him . and saying .
what's that hole in your cheek grandfather and he gave a mischievous look at my grandmother .
over beside the coal stove . and said oh .
Lizzy Lizzy got cross and stuck me in the face
with a needle and my grandmother just gave him a look .
and um . said absolutely nothing . but .
I've think I remember the point of the story .
the point of the story was I said to him .
sitting on his knee . what was your grandfather like .
and he looked at me and he said . very stern .
children were to sit at the table . say nothing .
they were to be seen and not heard .
so . I had no clues from my grandparents they . were very mum .
about their parents and their grandparents and you just got general comments .
nothing that would give you any clues when you grew up and tried to think .  
what might lead you . mmm .
a stewed apple . natural yogurt . and . two or three cups of black coffee
probably that . plus . toast and marmalade
yip
it's not a test of reading skills so feel free to look over it and things like that
when you're ready just jump on in . and read it aloud
I'm a school teacher you see . I've got a yakking to my friends voice
and I've got a reading   to the class voice . so    
the grandfather passage
you wish to know all about my grandfather well .
he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
banana
oil .
no
no you're welcome
it's been  
that's been fun
yeah
great . and which test did you find the hardest    
the visual without the picture but that's only because I knew .
I had missed at least two pieces and they were the .
fives . and I couldn't remember  
where the heck   they fitted in . because .   it . wouldn't have helped
the over all . I saw a fish . and I saw this church the cross on the top of the church
and basically . the five parts just didn't fit in .
the face fell off   . I'm gonna be   walking around face velvet church
daisy red
                                                                                
