one of the memories of my childhood is learning to swim .  
my mother and her sisters . and all my cousins brothers and sisters
used to meet in the Bontanical Gardens .
and I can still remember the feeling of triumph swimming in the river
and being able to lift my hands and my feet off the ground at the same time
so how old would you have been when you learnt to swim    
probably about six or seven I think   . yeah
yes I remember I saw a photograph of my school class and I remember the horrible prickly
navy blue gym frocks . and .
the way my mother used to do my hair in the morning it used to give me a kind of brow lift
so  
so I always looked rather surprised   but then um .
I think everyone in the class wore the same thing so
my ballet teacher . used to do our hair before the exams
she wanted it to be done just right
oh yes yes
into this really tight bun and I mean it did look good but it was just you're kind of like
yeah yes
. um . my children or   .  
yes I've got four children . um . Ali's the oldest . and
he lives on Bryon Bay in Australia and he's got . a small . dental practice .
near Bryon Bay .   . he . he's actually a surfer .
  and he works as long as much as he needs to finance his surfing holidays  
and my second son Aslain lives in Sydney . my youngest daughter Aisha .
lives in Sydney . um . she's been working for a big law firm but she's just resigned .
  she doesn't like . the big firm .   environment much and she's .
looking for another job and . my . older daughter Yasmin works at   .
Auckland hospital as a . cardiac . physiologist .
training person oh she   she's training to be one .
  yeah she   . um . yeah she does stress tests and ECGS .
  things like that   .
  and I've got four grandchildren who all live in Sydney .   .  who
Zia and Tyson and . who I see . only . a few times a year .
but um   . ah I always enjoy seeing them
yes
oh really
and then there's another one on the way
  yeah cos I thought the name sounded like they were .
of Malaysian type
yeah yes
what did you have for breakfast .
for breakfast I had the remains of my muesli   cos I make it myself
  and when I'm getting to the bottom of the container . all the nuts and .
nice things have gone   it's just oats and wheat germ  
it wasn't so nice and er when I go home I'm going to make some more  
and I had some a friend came to tea and we had fruit salad .
and so I had the remains of that which improved it quite a lot   .
and I had a cup of tea .
that's what I usually have for breakfast um but I go to the gym before work
a couple of mornings a week   and then I just have a banana and I eat my
take my muesli to work   and   eat it .
for breakfast with banana . um and I tried bringing some .
All Bran to have dry .   and I discovered All Bran is not good it needs the banana
to improve it
to improve it yes   .
alrighty so we're nearly finished . are you ok
yes
