  I was about . ah three years old . and um . I was away with the family .
visiting another . family not far away . and um .
I fell into a duck pond .   . and that night    
it brought on asthma .   and I can remember .
ah standing inbetween my . mother and father .
holding on to the top of an old frame . um . steel frame bed .
trying to catch my breath all night .
  I stood on the pillows between them .   so I've never forgotten that
about age three .
  none at all today   but I had a very bad patch all the way through . and um  
ah finally I ended up with um     quite serious ah lung .
problem in the hospital . and I determined that um .
I'd have to do something about this other wise I wouldn't be
bringing up my children very much longer
.   . so ah I sort healing spiritual healing .
and today I have no asthma problems what so ever at all
oh thank you very much
I can do more today
than ah I can when I was a young teenager I used to get puffed all the time and   .
so there you are
um . porridge   a glass of . orange . and a cup of tea .
oh I think porridge is the answer .   preferably with salt
that's great .
have a read of . now it's not a test of reading skills   so feel free to look over it
  when you're ready . jump right in and read away .
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well .
he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
right so we're done it went ok didn't it
that's very good
I'll get out of here before the show shakes down
                                                                                
