the fun we used to have on the farm . going up to  
a little hill . um my brother and myself .
with our . old clothes on  
we would go to the top of the hill . pour water down it .
and then slid down on a sack or . some . other form of getting down   and .
end up getting . mud from head to toe . going home to mum .
and she didn't bat an eyelid
. yes . um   my brother got a a air rifle for Christmas .
and I got a book   and guess you used
the air rifle the most
and the first bird I shot the poor little thing it fell down at my feet and I thought
oh what have I done  
got slingshot when I was younger and
I finally hit one in
oh yes I remember those
no   no but you did it     when it happened
oh same thing as usual rolled oats porridge you know made it with the real rolled oats .
um . oat milk   which you've probably never tasted before     .
um . and then a piece of toast with . um . half with vegemite on and half with honey on .
oh well that's what I have for breakfast because my doctor told me to
so I do as I'm told
yes yes no fine  
right
so   feel free to look through it if you'd like to start with .
oh no I'll just   read it off     .
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling . of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
mmm banana oil   I've never heard of that before
ok
didn't it
well yes
I hope that was helpful to you  
  you'll have some interesting ah . experiences behind that desk no doubt  
oh probably the
drawing   well oh especially that memory drawing one   I mean that mmm    
                                                                                
