an early childhood memory was ah   ah well it wasn't a memory really it's a story .
  I was almost run over at the age of three by my father with a tractor
and my brother fortunately shouted in time and missed and broke my collar bone
but no idea how it broke my collar bone without breaking my head   but anyway that's what happened so I'm still here  
oh my grandfather   um emigrated from Ireland a place called .
ah Corcreeny . he was born I think in Warringstown which is just south of Lochnae or Lurgan . um .
they boarded the Zealandia ah in June eighteen sixty two and took a hundred and ten days to get to Christchurch  
  um . he   what was he then he was about the age of . four I think at that point then he went to ah .
the family went and lived in Akaroa where his father worked as a sawmiller and bushman . and then they moved
to Loburn just north of Rangiora . um   and my great grandfather was going to buy the .
the square what is now called the Christchurch square but it was too swampy so he decided Loburn would be better so they moved to Loburn
and basically lived their whole life there having a further um .
total of twelve children   a further nine children and they lived at Loburn   yeah   and those children basically spread out through
ah north Canterbury   a few a bit further south but mostly north Canterbury   mm
Interviewer  yeah it's quite   funny oh well not really funny but um how . only now we realise that it probably wasn't a good idea to build . a city on a swamp
no no it's taken a while to find out   yeah .
Interviewer  lasted a while . thank you . what did you have for breakfast ?
oh porridge I usually have porridge with ah .
with linseed which I put in a coffee grinder and beat it up cos I've been told that the linseed doesn't digest
goes through the human   digest well in the human system   so you have to   break up the grains   so
my   wife bought a   coffee grinder because she accidentally bought ground coffee instead of plunger coffee
unground coffee so she bought a got a coffee grinder   and I find it works perfectly for the linseed
Interviewer     oh good she'll have slightly linseed flavoured coffee now
yes that's oh well no she doesn't doesn't use it now   I use it  
Interviewer  so what do you like best for breakfast ?
ah breakfast with porridge   it's about all I have I've     I   usually have a   have a  
bit of fruit afterwards if I'm away I might have ah weetbix or weetbix and fruit or something of that sort   but certainly not back to the old .
bacon eggs and . ah bacon eggs and chops and everything that we used to have   as as a youth   that's for sure
Interviewer  that's what we used to have every . um every weekend . bacon and eggs and sausages  
all right so we're nearly finished   are you okay   excellent so the last thing that um . we basically need to do is
have a look at this grandfather passage  
so um this is not a test of reading skill so um
feel free to read through it and get familiar with it and whenever you are ready just um recite it out loud and it will be recorded   
  
no he doesn't   
  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well .
he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of   the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the ice snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often   urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
  
Interviewer  so we're done   yip that went okay didn't it ?   so which test was the hardest ?
       
no outstanding ones ? . oh that's good well you breezed through it so . a lot of people say oh that horrible figure you made me draw and you didn't tell me I had to remember it and you made me draw it again
no no no opinion on it no no no no I   I think
Interviewer   a lot of people say oh that horrible figure you made me draw and you didn't tell me I had to remember it and you made me draw it again
probably . yes yes . yes . yes
Interviewer  that's often the . the common answer  
                                                                                
