an early childhood memory yes um   interesting you should say this because I did a course about    
recording . your memories for your grandchildren   so this is fairly hot . in the mind .
ah when I was about four and we were living in Wairoa I made a tent in the back . garden and ah . was determined too ah  
sleep overnight in it my mother . wasn't too keen my father . said well let him ggo let him do it but I remember . after um .
going to bed there . ah being picked up at some stage later when I'd obviously gone to sleep . and mum's wishes had prevailed .
mm I remember being picked up by my father and being taken in to   in side so that's the earliest . childhood memory I can ah .
  and I was I think I was about four   mm
I think so yeah
that's all right
I had um stewed apricots muesli and ah one slice of toast with honey on it . plus tea a cup of tea  
that . fruit muesli and toast  
yes good  
so again it's not a test of reading skill or anything like that so feel free to look over it . when you're ready jump straight on in  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him . a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevails oh sorry prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes being modern in his language   where is that an exerpt from ?
so that went okay didn't it
yeah very good   no trouble
ah probably   remembering the ah complicated um
  thing I wasn't expecting to . have to do it again so I looked at it but didn't sort of   register too much   that was it
                                                                                
