oh . I was born . in nineteen thirty . and my mother had an accident so I was looked after by .
  relatives for the first three months . and then we shifted when I was quite young to the North Island to Hastings
and I went to school with Hastings . and I remember my friends I made at primary school . there was   um .
I remember   Shirley Kilcully . um . Shona Gilligan . they were friends I made when I was five . um
Valerie Vidal were my   three best friends .
and then I came to the South Island when I was about nine . and I went to school at Mt Pleasant .
and then we shifted to Heathcote and I went to school at um   St Anne's .
and then I . went to . um Sumner we used to go to   go all the way to church at Sumner we lived on the hills
very high hills Mt Pleasant . and . we had . to walk to schooL we'd walk three kilometers to school .
and then I went to high school and I went to boarding school . and . I quite liked boarding school but it was too far to travel backwards and forwards
so I spent . four years at boarding school . and then I started working . and I .
was waiting to go nursing . so I worked for trans . for the   . the Gazette .
Murkentile Gazette for twelve months and then we had to go searching for titles in the um .
the old . um   post office and the um .
yeah we had to     search for titles and then   I went nursing .
and I started in Ashburton and I got my     I finished I qualified in Ashburton then I went to Timaru .
and I did a course there . of nursing and   I went to Dunedin and I did neurosurgery in Dunedin . and then I  
I got married in nineteen fifty six . and we came back to Christchurch   I brought   I met my boyfriend in Dunedin . and we .
came back to Christchurch got married in Christchurch . and . had four children  
but you only want early childhood  
is that enough ?
yes that's good thanks for that . um what did you have for breakfast ?
for breakfast I had . my crucian salts . then I had porridge . and I had stewed plums .
and lecithin . on them . and yoghurt . and then I had toast and honey manuka honey   . and a cup of tea .
oh for breakfast I like   eggs and bacon I love eggs and bacon . and tomatoes .
beg pardon ?
yes fine   
