       
I used to live in . Linwood in Mackworth Street   and I was going through the
park to school . I was probably about six or seven .
and as I was going home   going . to school there were
some pine trees in the park . and we  
were chased by magpies   and . and I ended up .
the only one out of group that ended up putting her  
my case on top of my head so they wouldn't come down  
and two of the children ended up getting   . pecked by
the magpies   yes so I was the one that put my .
case up on top of my head .   yeah and then .
coming home it was the same thing .
same thing happened but I'd put my case up on top of my head
but it was the time of the year must been spring time when the
baby   birds were around   so the parents were just .
but then
any threats at all  
yeah   and that was on the way to ah Linwood Avenue Primary School  
  lived down here it's a really it's a nice place but it's unfortunately
pockets of it that are a bit   .
yeah well   Mackworth Street was um it's got a lot of renewal acutally now  
  so it's
yeah they are tidying it up yeah yeah
but I moved out of there when I was eleven so  
ah my family or um . since I've been married or before .
ah   ok . um . I've . was Mum and Dad .   and um my brother Allen  
and as I said we live in Mackworth Street and then we . ah .
shifted Dad got   a better job and we moved over to Fendalton   I went to .
ah Fendalton school .
um from Waiwetu Street through a back alley into   the Fendalton school  
I was there two years and then I went onto high school  
at Christchurch Girls High
  and . my Brother went to . um
Timaru Boys High   cos my parents shifted   I went flatting   .
and . um . he went to Timaru Boys High for a year and then he went on to  
Burnside High School   .   and . he was a foundation .
pupil there   and within um two months of being at he was a
first . foundation .   person to be at the school and he was the first to leave
cos   he got a job  
and I was at high school for ah three years   .
and then I went on to ah work
  I worked at ah the Press Company   and then I worked at .
Hayes   . which is now the Farmers  
and   ah then ah I was there eighteen months and then I ended up
um . applying for a job at NAC
which is now Air New Zealand   and I was there for seven years  
in that time I got married and had children after   that
I had three I now have two
ah one lives in Australia
and the other one yeah yeah
  and the other one lives here   married and got children  
the one that passed away was in an accident when he was twenty five years old  
car accident   yes
that's fifteen years ago
oh wow
yeah so it's a long time ago
ah car accidents are just the worst things   .
it does pay to remember we were talking about this yesterday actually .
how lethal cars really are .
so when you drive along   you just have to   remember you know .
  if I don't see someone . um . that will take a split second for everything to go wrong
that's right   well they weren't drinking and driving   they they fell asleep at .
  the driver fell asleep at the wheel .
up on a hill
  at Le Bons Bay so . yeah
fell asleep at the wheel before   and I was just really lucky that I um .
came to at the right time   mmm
that's right
yeah you gotta be awake
never do it again
no
  cos I was too tired   yeah just
it's not worth it cos how many people would I have come across in those five minutes
yes
  well actually that say that a a um . a a lot of   accidents are .
not far from home
yes we see that     see  
my son that .   he was only five minutes from where he was staying  
  it's an unfortuanate thing we do do alot of   ah   . studies on sleep .
ah fatigue .   and driving here
oh yes
yeah it would be .
depravation   studies so they have people stay up all night and then come in and
  you put them into the MRI machines and   and see
their doing currently they do a hundred mirco sleeps a second or
  oh ah a minute   sorry or something crazy like that but mmm  
pays to be alert   ok
  well you can be thinking about something too .
when you're driving along   and   your brain . is suddenly
      split second just . switches off  
  and you're just not aware of what's infront of you  
so um . you know if you drive with ah . your shoes off that doesn't usually happen .
  got cold feet  
as much control with the shoes   on cos there's that bit in between my
    sole of your shoe . yeah   they say that if you
if you um go for a long trip   drive
without your shoes on   your feet'll get very cold  
but it will make also makes you stay awake   and um
alert   because your feet are cold
  and things apparently the best thing to do is is to   have bare   bare feet  
and or   thin  
that's right well even
socks aren't a good idea   because you can slip on
for   . um and you have all that sensory information coming through   foot
whereas   if you have a shoes you don't your don't
no you don't feel it that's right
things to do   I've heard um . hopefully that's what we're
well I wander  
people to do yeah .
I wander at home   around at home a lot ah in bare feet   and     I'm
quite sensitive the fact is of the um earthquakes
  yeah I can feel them quite a lot there's there's been quite a few this morning actually
  just little ones
  . if you're trying to tell me something  
just say it   none of this passive aggressive shaking of the ground nonsense
  thank you very much .
  well unfortunately we were in the ring of fire as part of um    
you know the . Pacific   is the ring of fire so  
we're not only getting it but Indonesia's getting it   and all round there   so .
you know it's just one of these things
that moves and shakes all of the time  
what were we thinking   um ok
so what did you have for breakfast .
I had ah a glass of water   . an apple   .
and a banana
no I vary it from day to day but I   always have a glass of water first
. bad blood pressure   so I need to keep fluids up  
well it also cleans your system out   first thing in the morning .
and then I'll have ah probably
um my apple and or banana or   weet bix cornflakes what ever .
piece of toast about a half an hour later   . so it goes .
gets your body working
  but you gotta have breakfast
makes the brain work better  
yeah  
yeah fine  
is this still on is it?
. yes yip yip   um so the last thing that um I'll get you to do .
