or just anything that might come to mind from when you were younger .
lots of swimming where we weren't supposed to swim   .
well we used to just be we used to
um dive off the Buller bridge which was highly illegal  
yeah   and we used to um swim out the fishermen's boats
climb up on them . and just dive off do honey pots and everything not touching anything
and we had a dredge that used to clear the bar
and we used to be able to climb up onto the big buckets of the dredge .
and dive   down . I I lived my the water and of course I'm a  
water freak   and so those sorts of things they really stuck in my mind the things that
we weren't spose to do which we knew .
  were wrong and were naughty .   but you know we did them .
  well yes but we didn't do any damage anywhere   or anything like that
when you know and there must have been money in those offices on the dredge and things  
but no we never did any damage but no we had a lot of fun
  they had a punt out in the middle of the lagoon
you know you could swim out to there   and it was really good .
  oh I could swim my mother threw me in at three  
and um because we were by the water and     you know this is what we did
all of us   did this .
all of the families put their children into the water very very early .
and so we could all swim and the fishermen in the fisher boat you know one of the came and
hauled me out when I was four because I'd swam to far
and just put a hook in the back of my togs and just . whipped me out  
but um no it was just . lots of swimming and you I've
  swam what's it five miles I think when I was twelve years of age
I just went into a river swim and that was it . but yeah no I love water  
ah now what did you have for breakfast this morning .
oh tea and toast .
and what do you like best for breakfast .
tea and toast with apricot jam home made
mmm
so it's not a test of reading skills so feel free to read over it first if you like .
and then when you're ready just read that aloud    
wouldn't it be nice to be able to ninety three
the grandfather passage you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .   giving
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers banana oil .   grandfather
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
wouldn't that be nice at that age   ninety three and still thinks swiftly
yeah yeah .
I think the thinking things back .
yes   um and of course counting backwards . you know
when   you say something and you know . well . five minutes   or something later .
and you had to re think I mean in that mean time you had come up with other things to answer
  yeah   yeah and the counting back of course
is something that I'm not used to doing
  now if you'd gone the other way   I'd a been right . yeah .
that's all right
                                                                                
