just anything that might come to mind from when you were younger .
well .
I think I told you when we were about nine years old we shifted to another part of the country
. and we build a house ourselves .   and it was like .   .
part .   demolished kit set home and re re erect it .
but ah . it didn't go that fast because with my father who was retired by then .
and two boys my brother was one year older than me so he was
ten and I was nine or something like that . right . anyway
. this house was partly . partly built . but the roof wasn't . totally on .
and there was a huge beam running across the living room .
and then one night was stormy much . the walls . started to go apart and this .
blasted beam fell down . across my fathers bed
he was so bloody lucky that he it didn't didn't hid his head .
  no no no no no hit the side of the bed
its   amazing
. oh does he end up finishing the house then
yes yes yes yes
no no no it was more so the
the relationship between my father and the two boys has deteriorated ever since .
that's right that's right .
well the     .
when you're young you take these things in your stride  
only afterwards   you say oh that could have been interesting   .
I had ah . part of rice porridge   still rice cooked rice . rice left over from last night .
and muesli .
muesli mixed fruit . and and my own ah own made   muesli and yogurt .
k now so now . alright just got this this . passage for you to read
so   it's not a test of reading skills so feel free to have a look over it if you wish
yeah ok
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a profound feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
very good yeah no problems .
well I think it was all . reasonably easy wasn't it . um  
yeah even the . face fell off the church .
daisy and     red
points for that   . alright I can
                                                                                
