just talk for a few minutes about something you recollect from your past .
um . I used to go over to Duvauchelles . during the school holidays with my next door neighbour .
ah and . we used to go fishing there a lot and out on the boat . just you know we
they were just moored and we used to take a dinghy out there and we used to just used to
fish off the boats and in those days we used to catch
lots of red cod and things like that . so . it's a happy memory that I've got
and we go and he he now lives on the Gold Coast and we're going to go and visit him again
shortly cos he's got computer problems and I always have to end up fixing them .
from my childhood .
  um I I remember when we lived in Warick Street in Richmond we had a lot of animals cos my .
elder sister . used to work on Hayes . pet stop and we used to have them all during the
weekends and we always used to look after all these dogs and deers and wallabys and things that were all part of
Hayes Roof in those days .
yeah   so we used to have them all at our place and sometimes we used to have about twenty odd dogs
and on the weekend
yeah .
  we were an animal family
yes  
this morning um . one weet bix and . rolled oats wheat germ . and
cornflakes and fruit salad . and that's it
that's about it that's what I have most days for breakfast
  yeah but I do like toast from time to time but I don't usually have that
yep
yes    
just . go when you're when you're ready to go
ok . the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving . those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully with zest upon small upon a small organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him . to walk more and smoke less . but he always . answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
  wasn't expecting that
yeah yeah there's no
today?
probably re joining re drawing that drawing . that . with the different shapes
                                                                                
