  
I remember   smells   amd sounds   and vaguely   
sight . when I was two I was I spent quite a long time in an infirmary with a serious burn   and I remember   and I .
realise afterwards . it must have been one of the nurses looking after me   she .
used to sing and it was probably a popular tune at the time um   sing to me gypsy . in your caravan  
I can remember that and I can rememebr vaguely the shape . of a . young woman . or woman . but she had a woman's voice I realise that when I get older .
and the smell . and the smell fascinated me and it's . fascinated   me for many years afterwards until I . remembered where I'd first encountered it .
and I used to get   
    ah experience this odour ah and it was   in peroxide   and I thought perhaps later on a similar smell to formaldehyde but .
my knowledge of . chemistry is . not wide but ah . that . smell I always associated with . that song . and the sound of a .
a female voice singing to me   ah  
would it be     you're not a chemist are you oh       you're bound to be .
you've   you've done chemistry
would it be formaldehyde or peroxide
it did have a distinctive odour Simon .  
  she may have um put blonde in her hair or something like that
didn't   a similar smell with disinfectant though  
I have smelt it there . yeah
and at that time . I would say   I don't know if formaldehyde I know they used formaldehyde for   preservation .
they may have used one of those two or a similar thing as a disinfectant   I know it was about
it was a wee bit earlier about um world war two time. and between the wars I'm sure they would have   um
at that it became quite a um .
they emphasised I guess cleanliness in hospitals and things like that so
it would be asscoiated with a hospital  
atmosphere yeah
cos it may even have been on my bandages and so forth  
  cos that would be nineteen I was born in thirty one it would be nineteen thirty three so  
just six years before the war started .
  oh thanks just in passing
all right ah . I had a cereal breakfast with muesli . with All Bran . ah . my . regulation three prunes . some .
rhubarb homegrown I might add   ah a banana  
which ah . I split open I call it a banana split and ah fill the split     with honey .
um    and    cranberry juice .   I used to have milk but ah I usually have a fruit juice the last year or so   
um . and a cup of coffee . I've been trying to cut down . down on my bread intake .
cos I thought it was affecting me um . eighteen months ago a couple of years ago and I thought it might be something in the .
cereal the wheat germ whatever . but um . I've always been very very fond of bread and um .
so I've tried to reduce it . so I don't have . or very seldom do I have my breakfast toast with marmalade .
that I used to enjoy very much   is that on there ? .   .
oh   I thought it was I thought it was   am I still on it  
you okay ? it's going all right ?   excellent . now .
this is the final part for you just to um read aloud so feel free to take your time as I said it's not a test of reading skill or ability
  ah and when you feel comfortable just read that aloud .
the grandfather passage  
you wish to know all about my grandfather well . he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
ah yes very well thank you  
oh ah for me the ah the sketching of the   ah   how would one explain it the gable end of a
of a monstrosity architectural monstrosity
                                                                                
