um   yes going to my first school . and .
on May the first they had a large maypole up in the playground   and everyone danced round at the maypole
. yes I'm married to Rex we have five children . three boys and then two girls   we have   
one grandson who we also . um    took care of from the age of about twelve  
and we now have   numerous grandchildren and great grandchildren  
we've got . twelve thirteen grandchildren  
well . we've got ah   ten   one family has seven .
our our grandson who we
well our grandson who looked who we looked   yeah
we looked after from the age of . twelve he . he and his wife have got seven children  
they did but now but um about eighteen months two years ago they went to Australia  
moved over there   and all of my friends from my class have also .
so are you going to be going to   . mm
okay thanks . what did you have for breakfast ?
muesli banana and . jujuba . and soymilk
mm that's usually my       my breakfast and porridge in the winter   .
yes I'm fine
um it's not a test of reading skill so feel free to read through it . um and then just whenever you're ready
um read it out loud and you'll be recorded .
:   
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he's nearly ninety three years old . yet he still   thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with   several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
:   
yes it was fine .
um probably probably some of the drawing I don't know
now are really done so thank you very much  
um so we'll be in touch um depending on how busy we are   we're hopefully gonna try and get through six hundred seven huundred people
um over the next few months so um if there's a study that you'll be suitable for we'll get in touch with you  
um and thank you very much for coming in  
                                                                                
