just a moment a happy childhood memory   
do you mean far back . in childhood   or   . yes fairly  
oh the happiest . oh well I just remember . one occassion my mother lying in the sun for too long and getting sunstroke .
and I was on holiday alone with her and um . it was very important for me to make her feel better .
and she had to lie in a darkened room for a while and I remember dressing up as a fairy and dancing around her bed
and um . yes I just remember that vividly  
um we were living in a place called Mussel bay in South Afrca but we were on holiday in Hamanas .
oh it's really quite a dysfunctional family really . it's um   . yeah
it's um I was an only child um . my parents never got on after about the fifth year of their marriage I think .
and um they were hoteliers   . and my mother in particular worked very very hard my father .
was quite a sportsman and um . yes . he looked after the other side of it .
um   want to know about my childhood more or
  why don't you tell me a little bit about them .
yes I've got three children . um . two sons and a daughter the daughter married a Kiwi about twenty years ago   .
and this is how come we've landed up in  
yes in in New Zealand   um after Zimbabwe collapsed as it has done .
ah the one son the younger son married an American girl and um he's living in America .
and the elder son also left Zimbabwe about five years ago he did and um he's working in the kiwi industry in near Te Puke .
do they have any children
yes they do um they've all got two each   so we've got six
grandchildren
manageable amount
yes yes all spread out unfortunately   .
many cousins that all live in New Zealand   so it's quite hard to keep track of them all   sometimes I meet them
um see them . travelling around the country see them .
how do I know you   I'm a very   cousin as many as that   about forty .
thirty or fortry so   big family yip . okay . thanks um   what did you have for breakfast ?  
oh I make this lovely muesli it's um nutty .
organic oats   . and I get pumpkin seads and um shaved almonds .
  and and some sultanas or some fruit of some sort and I soak it in rice milk overnight  
and then the next mornng add a dollup of fat free yoghurt to it and usually some apple that I've stewed   and that's
every day pretty well
no   not at all I love fried eggs and bacon it's quite my favourite meal   but that's a Sunday night dinner
okay so we're nearly finished   are you okay   oh brilliant almost there   .
