well I can remember when I was two years and three months old this is my earliest memory   when my younger sister was born
and we went to the hospital to pick her up . and my father was driving the old car which we had then .
and   as we drove home . I was sitting beside my mother who had the baby in her arms .
and the baby was wrapped in a shawl and she was sucking her fingers . that were all covered in little bits of shawl
and I remember thinking .
how disgusting but she doesn't know any better . and that was my attitude actually to my little sister for quite a long time
um . my family . at the moment . or my family when I grew up
right . well   I was born in Wellingtin my   in the middle of the depression   . my mother and father .
um had three children in Wellington an older sister about um . a year and nine months older than me
sorry and the younger sister . and um things weren't easy in Wellington because um .
they got my father got put on what they call relief work . and it was very um  
very little money thirty six shillings a week my mother told me and the rent was thirty shillings a week .
so they had six shillings to live on .
which they did very well because my parents were ever resourceful   . and my mother .
um . had a background in dairy farming her father had been a dairy farmer
and they had a bit of land   that they rented their house up behind them there was a bit of land so they got a cow .
and they sold a little bit of cream and butter which my mother was able to make  
and so . and they grew vegetables and apparently we were okay I can remember a bit about the .
  somebody come in to buy cream one day   .
and then we moved to Christchurch where her parents were and it was . the rents were cheaper .
and she could have some support .
and we lived with my grandmother for a little while and then we went to um New Brighton where rents were also cheap .
and we rented   and we rented a house for a few months and then we moved to the house that my parents stayed in for ever   .
and um . then. during   of course then the war came along and ah we had two .
they had two more children    
and ah two boys the so they now had three boys and two girls .
and then time went by and I we went to . school and high school and university
and then I got married   when I was eighteen   and um .
my parents then had two more children  
that's it after I was married
and I didn't have any children myself until I was perhaps twenty two .
so . our family was very spread out . so the younger ones of the family had very different upbringing very different life .
from what . we had   and my younger sister now um .
told me she was . she was born when I was twenty .
she told me ah recently she asked me recently
do you remember . I can remember all the holidays we had when we were young we were always going for holidays  
and I said to her um no I only ever went on two holidays in my whole .
life till I was married   and um  
one of them was to visit some friends of my father's in Waiau and one was to .
Arthurs Pass where my family actually bought a bach in time
and um but I was married by the time they bought the bach but I would go up and stay in it sometimes too  
so um
that's right   four   about four years younger than my youngest one yes
so our family's always had young children and of course we still have because I've got my great grandchildren now .
and my um brothers and sisters .
had their children getting married and and
their children having children   when my children were growing up so you know it's quite it's been interesting  
their children are both young but a generation apart but they've both got young children   so it's quite funny so they're .
their um second cousins is it second cousins so my aunt's children and my sister's children actually play together
yes . well that's right . yes
yes well   we've got that in in my own closer family not thinking of the extended family my son
has a daughter who's twenty three . and she actually lives with us   and has done since she was about three  
and um . he now has . he's married again he now has a daughter who's  
  nine . and she is absolutely wonderful with my great grandchildren  
and she's old enough there's one of them's ah   nearly three and the other one's a year old and she's old enough to .
keep them safe   and understand   all those sort of things
and she's young enough to enjoy playing with them   so it's wonderful   mm
the tantrums but then before they get to the teenage tantrums
yes there's a window there
it doesn't last unfortunately   but   they come out the other end all right   so
I had weetbix two weetbix . milk . ah banana . chopped up on it . a cup of
orange juice a glass of orange juice and a cup of tea
that's what I   pretty well always have I always I like to have a banana starting off the day with  
something fruity   .
okay so the last basically the last thing I'll get you to do
