oh I can remember . being on . a beach at a holiday . the beach called Langhome out from Auckland on the Manakau Harbour .
where we used to go for our annual holiday .
um . from mount Albert where we lived in Auckland and it was a lovely beach and we had   used to have a lovely time there swimming .
diving off the rocks and carrying on . generally as kids do on beaches in New Zealand it was a very lovely time .
and we used to go there . I can't remember how often we went . from about . but I remember from the age of seven or eight .
through to . I suppose about thirteen fourteen  
clearly enough I'm timing it in terms of the second world war because ah we went before the war but then we were also
on holiday there just after the war was declared and we had . other young men who had .
recently become soldiers and they were holidaying at the beach on final leave  
and some of them were dead by the middle of the next year . um   .
but the holiday time was a lovely time at the beach . that enough  
ah that's very easy cos I always have exactly the same
porridge   . with soy milk . two pieces of toast the first one with vegemite the second one marmalade .
and orange juice .   and my pills that I have to take at breakfast time   and that was all I had for breakfast   no butter
all of those things
yes do you want to know those words again
oh and here I am spending time with remembering them
okay . now just the final thing I've got for you here is just this passage  
now it's not a test of reading skill so feel free to read through it first if you wish   and when you're ready just read that aloud
okay  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever  
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he   plays skilfully . and with zest . upon a small organ .
except . in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil  
  grandfather . likes to be modern in his language   
oh as I said I think along the road I've never been very happy about drawing things I    that dates  
                                                                                
