I've got lots of happy um childhhod memories and if you put it down to going to school I loved going to school
I could have gone for ever   how's that . so is that all you want
oh I just I just liked being there I liked being with other kids I liked learning and such like and it was a pleasure to go to school  
oh I got into rep teams and such like and went um to Timaru from Ashburton um playing netball and such like . and .
girls at that stage were supposed to
in the lunch hours sit around with their gym frock over their knees you know being ladies but that did not appeal to me and luckily
I had some friends similarly  
who   want to play tennis and such like in the breaks not sit around . drive me bats   so it was a pleasure to go to school  
and I'll tell you something   our third form class of nineteen fifty .
one of the boys and one of the girls um got together and said fifty years on
let us get together . and it was one of the   very happy memories of going . and do you know
we've now met two or three times just that third form class because we weren't all together in the fourth form or the fifth form some of us were
um . but . it is an absolute pleasure to meet up with them again and my husband   he's Alan
he says you must have been a very happy class   and we were   and you can
youk now normally if you'd go to say big cocktail parties in the earlier days
you never went waltzing up to men and said how are you   but the boys at school
they're entirely different you can waltz up to them and say what have you done in the interim period   and
it's it's fun so . that has been a very happy memory
no hadn't kept in contact at all um
from say about sixteen over the fifty years   and so when it was the afternoon tea that was the first get together
and there was a hall first and the supper room afterwards you knew that everybody walking down that path was in your class
fifty years on I hadn't seen some of them   and so you looked and said
now who could that be
no because I'm good at it   and I think probably because Alan was in the bank . and we moved around
you had people whom you knew quite well all over the place and so you looked and you said well
you know could that be such and such and there was only one of the fellows that I . he had been quite a round fellow
when we were at school but he had grown ah quite tall and slim like myself um and I just didn't pick that he would be
that but the rest you know some of the girls were round with grey hair   and such like but
but um no on the whole it wasn't difficult . but it was it was a wonderful . afternoon .
um some have got um health problems   and that has . changed . them and over the years there's been   quite sadness um for some of them
and others there's been sadness and they've . coped . particularly well you know losing say two children at
in their late teens you know motorbike accidents and things like that  
coped remarkably well   yes   
what did I have for breakfast I had two weetbix half a banana   probably two or three   ah dessert spoons of yoghurt . milk .
two pieces of toast and a cup of tea  
I like breakfast . I probably have that but at the weekends it's bacon and eggs as well bacon and egg .
and eggs . I like breakfast   .
yes I'm fine thank you
not a test of reading skill so you might like to look over it first just read it aloud when you're . ready .
:   
well there we are the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever pardon me
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully . and with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil
grandfather likes to be modern in his language . it's very good isn't it  
I have no problem with it Matthew um
and if you were going to interview me the next time I would be happy about that   I'm happy in your company  
so there we are  
well . um . because I had to do um that sort of technical drawing thing a second time
um I didn't remember um all of those things and I should have .
concentrated
oh yes but .     this um . put it put it like this . I want to do it . you know in this life . if
and   my attitude is you are old if you don't want to learn anything . and I don't want to be old
how's that   it's got nothing to recommend it   has it ?
                                                                                
