ah travelling . with my parents up . the hill to . Mount Egmont and up the .
windy road we had to wait for the cars coming down becasue it was a . a one way road .
and when we got part way up the top . there was a lot of snow .
which meant the car in front of us got stuck which meant we got stuck which meant everybody had to get out and push .
until we got u[ to the . um I can't remember the name of the . it wasn't the hermitage it's got a different name and it's probably not there now .
um   and then we walked up the mountain for a while and .
I got further up than my sister which makes it the happy memory but she's younger than me so that's all right
and ah it was a very enjoyable day with both parents and ah is that enough yet ?
this morning . I had weetbix yoghurt . peaches . no no not peaches apricots . and milk
well that actually
all right now I've got this passage for you to read . so as I said it's not a test of reading skill
so if you wanna read through it that's fine um when you're ready just read that aloud .
ah I'll just do it . the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language . oh that's good
oh is that .   you want this one still on  
ah you're not going to tell me to write it down for a memory test I hope    
yes
ah yes the ah you know which one it was . the remembering the words beginninhg with F
                                                                                
