an early happy childhood memory . when I was seven years old ah I had my first .
party .   and I was the ah . the star of the of the show I can still remember that
  yeah . we lived in a small country . ah village
and I think I had about eight or ten of the local . friends around .
and ah . it's one of the . high lights of my . very early years .
my own . birthday party .
well we had our we filled our faces and then we had to go outside and ah
start playing games like ah we had a swing . and ah we played rounders .
um . and . had some running races . um . cos we had a   large section and .
it was all . choreographed by father .   yes
ah now what did you have for breakfast this morning
what did I have for breakfast this morning   that's easy because I have it every morning
  . I have rasin bran and three large spoonfuls of yogurt .
keeps the bowel and inner gut
I like that best for breakfast
alright so we're nearly finished . are you ok
mmm hmm .
so it's not a test of reading skills   so feel free to look through it if you like
and when you're ready just read that aloud    
. the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock clock coat .
usually with several buttons missing a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully with zest upon a small organ .
except in winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yes   apart from number one
course that's what I'm here for I guess .
that one at   at the front . but normally what I do ah . I would normally do .
with that is just say it over ten times and   what not
  and get it into a rhythm
                                                                                
