well well that was a long time ago um     I think there were lots of early .
happy memories   ah we were able to . play .
  in big fields we had far more freedom . than my children did now my grandchildren do .
and . we came home . from school for lunch because we lived in the Netherlands   .
is that enough or do you want some more .
ok I'm the eldest of three siblings
I have a brother who lives in Dunedin and my sister is in Blenheim .
when I was twelve years old we came out as an immigrant family  
and with hindsight my parents would have spent the same amount of
money if they had paid their own way .
and we would have been able to bring out a bit more luggage
  ok I have   three children two boys and a girl   .
eldest lives in Dunedin he has four children .
my second son is in the Netherlands . he actually lives in a place I would have ended up in
if we hadn't come to New Zealand . so that's really quite remarkable   .
and our daughter lives in . Sydney . and she has two children .
oh and thats means I have a total of eight grandchildren
which is wonderful .
he's twenty .
and the youngest is
coming along sometime maybe .
well
I think he better finish growing up
and find himself a career . um .
well he'll be doing he's finished two years at university
half a banana quater pear .
and a spoon of two spoons of pineapple and two dessert spoons of yogurt
and a piece of toast with
cheese
um recently changed to cheese using more of a . older . more mature cheese .
rather than the ah . edam which I've been using before which is a softer cheese .
so it's a more bitey cheese .   with marmite
more or less what I had
yes so I sometimes make more of a muesli and I
think I will have to do that soon so that I get more .
things like um sunflower seeds and pumpkin seeds and ah almonds slivers  
  but um haven't been back that long from Sydney so it's . catching up time .
yeah well we've got relatives coming in um . fortnights time .
oh yes I'm fine I I once you get me started I can actually keep going quite a long time .
it's . um starting new just start that's what I don't do   I need a lead in
. and it's nice and easy .
