yes I have many early happy childhood memories and one of them
would have been the fact that we were able to roam .
across the . paddocks at our home . and climb up on a . ah a bramble
fence a bramble hedge which was covered with . ah . a green
leafy growth which meant it would bounce . about .
but you didn't get prickled from the hawthorne hedge it was . ah and ah .
it was I suppose an early version of a trampoline   for us
thank you
I did I'm the eldest of seven children
well you were always accountable for what the others
did and it shouldn't have happened had you have taken you know
the appropriate action   and I must say there were
twenty years between myself . and my youngest brother   so
um I wasn't at home when he was born   but that's but
once we were all adults together we have a quite a close relationship
ah departure from the usual which was usually porridge
but um I chose to have . er whole er wholemeal . toast .
with ah avocado . and tomato . and a little . snip of chives . and other herbs on top of it
and salt and pepper . and a coffee . a little later . so that all that nutritious ah .
ah stuff got a chance to be absorbed a little  
that was   as long as I could hold off the coffee thank you
yes
  now it's not a test of reading skills   so do feel free to look through it first
and when you're ready just read that aloud      
good I'll just read it by sight .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses him himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
. giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more . and smoke less
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
  it went ok didn't it .
oh yes certainly
well I felt it did
of all the tests we've done
well when you sprang the           the repeat of that quite complex .
well mainly it was squares and triangles but
I hadn't take that that much notice and I really was just attempting to .
um . to   . do it the first time   as accurately as possible
um . without being aware that I was going to have to do it the second time
                                                                                
