well the earliest memory I can remember . is sitting in a sort of a
bay window with my mother at a table . and she had brought these lovely cherries
and I used to love cherries . and we had real fun time that is we ate them and she made little
earings for me by hanging them over my ears and   it was just   lovely
time and I probably was about three .
my parents . oh right my   ah parents actually met
during the second World War   in the UK
and my father had actually been engaged before and his fiancee had been killed in a
plane crash   and he had actually um volunteered for the commandoes  
so he's gone on all these really really dangerous missions
from Plymouth in England   and my mother her um father'd died when she was about eight
and then mother died of a stroke .
just   beginning of the war   and she'd left home and actually
was goning to Plymouth she'd joined up to the   army as well   so they met
  in Plymouth which was really really nice   and then they  
yeah then they got married and I was the first child and because it was during the war
um my mother went up to where her family well extended family not a near family
didn't have any . ah was which was in Bradford
which is why   I was born in Bradford as I told you
but I   was only there for three weeks   because they actually lived near London .
eventual she lived near London but um . once they were married and had had me
and my father was still based in Plymouth .
I do   I have three daughters two of which are identical twins
they   . they yes and they have children each they um .
actually I've got seven grandchildren   the newest one's just arrived so
two daughters have two children each and one has   not daughters two children each
and one has three children   and we got   three boys and four girls
so it's just lovely mmm
if you really want to know .
I was very cold this morning I got up and I I'm sposed to be on a low cholesterol diet
so   I actually have porridge which I don't usually unless it's really cold
  I had porridge . and I had   frozen blueberries which I defrosted  
and I had yogurt all on the porridge anyway it was yummy
what do you like best for breakfast .
well that's what I like best in the winter
  and but I   I nearly always have a bit of fruit as well other fruit but
  I always have fruit . and in the summer I'll have um muesli
or something   like that with fruit   mmm .
I do often have yogurt though on my .   cereal or what ever cos I like yogurt
and I   make it myself for it's   . my special . brand
well I do quite often cos it's easiest way   and um but sometimes I make my own
version   but then it has to be mixed up so it's not to  
runny   has to be nice and thick and yummy
mmm hmm
mmm yes
