early happy childhood memory . goodness . going to the seaside I suppose was ah .
was ah   . happy memory when you . lived in the middle of England and .
the annual . pilgrimage to the ah . to the seaside generally in Wales .
and   . they were they yeah . and so ah the other thing you used to do on those was ah .
hire . push bikes . which . we didn't have at home .
so riding round a push bike was . always good fun .
until   I went over the handlebars one one time . knocked out the ah
the front tooth .   so ever since then I've had a . a plate with a tooth on it
ha so to memory it
. excellent . thank you . ah um what did you have for breakfast this morning .
ah what I normally have which is ah . a concoction of . cereals . weet bix .
bran flakes . rice bubbles . corn flakes .
and muesli all in the same plate with ah bit of sugar and milk on it .
and a cup of tea
ah what do you like best for breakfast .
just what I've said .
yes .
but this is going to run out on me . so . I will  
finish there and I'm going to go get another recorder for you and continue
so hopefully they understand that instruction
ok  
participant number one one five one S C N
the date today seventh of December two thousand and ten .
a continuation from . recorder number one hundred which ran out so this is number three hundred .
moving on to the grandfather passage  
alright .
so now if you could read this aloud it's not a test of reading skill or anything like that so feel free to look through it .
and when you're ready . just read that aloud    
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observed him .
a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
   
memory attention and language in older people two thousand and ten
ok so . we're done there
good
it went fine .
so which test was the hardest .
which test was it well the the .
the only one I s'pose where  
ah it was the remembering the the five .
  the face the   the velvet and the other
the other three which ever they were
church daisy and red yeah that's the one yeah
                                                                                
