we . went . one   my family . didn't have a car or . um . we weren't particulary .
  um well off so we didn't go on holidays but when I was a child . um the railways started to do .
railway excursions and one of these was to Roxburgh   and so my
parents decided that we would go on this excursion . and this was . really something totally new and .
different and exciting and . um . we I can remember . we went . down to the railway station caught the train .
um it was an overnight train . and I guess my memories of it really are . pretty much .
focused on the photographs that were taken   well as we went . but I can remember thinking that .
this was something extra special   that we did yes  
I . had older parents I my . um parents had been married seven years when I arrived .
and they were in their late . thirties . ah I don't have any brothers or sisters .
um my husband has a brother and a sister . and they  
both um the the brother . had . two had is was married and had two children .
the sister is married but doesn't have children . um .
Allan and I have a son and a daughter   . and . the   they're both married and .
both of them have two children Ian has   a daughter and a . son
Elleady and Tristan . and Susan has two boys Max and Heath .
and Max and Heath . Max has . Max turned five on Christmas Eve . last year   .
and his fifth birthday present was a puppy  
and the puppy has just . he came home she came home . last . Friday her name is Choco.
and she's a . Foxy Bechon cross
so she is
absolutely delightful
she looks like one of the Ewoks out of Star Wars   the big face mask  
so that is my that really is my . immediate family .
were you the people going oh   oh puppy .
oh that's very exciting   my um my sister's about to buy a new kitten for my um her husband
  and I think I get the I get the job of going to pick it up
  the night before so I'm quite excited
I get a kitten for a day  
surrogate
bystander: my partner won't let me have a cat
  we've got a cat door in our new house but he won't let me   have a cat I've got a dog though
oh it was dull and boring I had a glass of pineapple juice and a piece of toast with
Promite on
I don't   I we have Vegemite for visitors Marmite for Allan and Promite for me
yes absolutely
bystander: I don't even I didn't even realise there was such a thing as Promite
  I used to have um Bovril . untill they had that um . mad cow disease scare
in Britian
and I stopped having Bovril
bystander: like a   Marmitey thing
yes
it's just not   quite as . strong
oh my absolute favourite I have two favouritist breakfasts   if I go out I have
eggs benedict with .   smoked salmon .
and if I stay home and have the ingrediants . my most favourite breakfast is  
um sliced avocado with cottage cheese on toast
bystander: it is
mmm .   yes yes
creaminess
bystander: my seven year old and she loves it   loves it
fine
