an early happy childhood memory     um it has to be quite early does it
  goodness    
      but but in general terms or does it have to be a specific thing that you want
entirely up to me . well I suppose I always liked swimming .
and so . going to the beach was always very very happy I loved going to the beach
. ah sort of dancing up and down in the waves . um . I can remember .
one time . going to . Prince Edward island . and there was a sand bar .
and a lot of   it was a big beach and I was about nine I think .
and my father . was swimming and he he loved the water too
everybody was in the water . but he wanted to go to the sand bar .
where a lot of   a lot of adults we standing and I really couldn't swim that well .
and so he told me not to follow him . you see .
but I tried to follow him and of course I got over my head and began going down so .
can't say this is a happy childhood memory   but it's a very vivid one
because he came back and he was quite cross and he pushed me .
over my head and so I did go up and down a bit . and then he said .
now you know that you have to learn to swim . so as a result of that .
we returned to . Halifax where I lived . and we were . in in this um
sort of club .   . they had swimming lessons
and I can remember going down .
in very cold water and just practicing and practicing til I could swim over my head
and I did that . cos I was just stubborn and I wanted to
  you know I wanted to I didn't want to be pushed over my head any more
so it was a happy childhood memory in that I remember .
  setting myself a goal and actually doing it
because there was practically no one else in the water and I can remember being quite cold .
  and when I say quite cold I mean . it certainly wasn't sixty it must have been you know
  we're talking ferinheight here ah  
it was about fifty eight it was chilly   but I I did manage
school we had a swimming pool in the school and .
we were only allowed to go down the deep end if we could swim or had   to pass a swimming
lesson I remember   the only reason I learnt to swim was so I could go in the deep end
  with everyone else  
  and I wanted to be able to swim up to the
sand bar the next time but we've never been back there
. ok . what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
cherrios and orange juice that's an easy one  
since I have cherrios and orange juice every morning .
cherrios   no I like porridge best really .
but I don't have porridge in the summer so cherrios are second best .
mmm hmm .
now it's not a test of reading skill or anything like that
  so feel free to look through it first .
and when you're ready just read that aloud .
I'll just read it ok
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
you're welcome
we're done
yeah no that was that was very interesting really
well . I think the one       was copying that last diagram was a bit of a nuisance
  didn't like that one . um .
no I'm just trying to think which was the hardest .
I suppose I was more shaken by the fact that you were going to ask me those words .
  daisy red church velvet face .
ah again and I thought there would be more of them
  and it was kind of like having those memory tests .
at a at a party where they present you with a tray .
  and you're spose to remember all the objects but they usually put about
fifteen on and I can ever only get thirteen   or something you know
. so um . but the   but I thought you'd ask me more about .
um . things to remember that things would average people would remember
  for example the names of prime ministers .
but the funny thing was somebody had told me about the seven .
out they ask you to subtract from seven   from a hundred
they said that was .
    it was   ages ago somebody said that was the standard test for Alzheimer's
and a it was seven . yeah   so that was an easy one
  well they were all reasonably easy aren't they yeah good mmm
                                                                                
