yes um I lived near the beach and there was a great big pohutukawa tree that .
was growing out . from a cliff . so that it was .
the trunk was actually parallel with the beach
. and we to spend hours climbing and sitting and playing games in that tree .
and   if the tide was in you could jump off the tree into the water .
  it that enough or do you   do you want some more
  oh it was friends or brothers and   often my own
cos there were no other children my particular age .
  in it was a new suburb in those days in Auckland  
so um it's not a new suburb any more   it's very over grown   so
so it was a mixture of mixture of people and things   it was usually local kids
no no I'm the eldest of four   so it was up so
but usually my sister would be the one . or other friends of children round about .
  so um . spent a lot of time on the beach   making huts and
and um . um . what do they call it it's not broom oh forgotten what they call it
it's a   .   like ferns
.   ferns that were on the things   you climbed up
walked had to walk down to the beach and . banks were covered with these ferns and you could
make tunnels in them and things   it was a really good place to live
yes it was
I had what I normally have which is one weet bix I had stewed gooseberries out of the garden
  with milk . and I had one slice of toast . no butter .
cos of the calorie content   and marmalade . and a cup of hot water
cos I try not to have much tea or coffee .     plus .
two omega three tablets and one . um zatrol or whatever it's called
exactly what I've told you but a variety of either stewed or fresh fruit
very standard
mmm
mmm .
  now it's not a test of reading skills
so feel free to look through it first it you'd like
right
ok I     . you wish
the grandfather passage you wish to know all about my grandfather
well . he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
is that is
yes not a problem  
oh drawing that complicated figure
that wasn't so bad the five
words was alright because one of the other ones I had to do we had   fifteen or sixteen words
and that was quite a bit of a challenge to remember those    
except the one that I couldn't get
so I didn't feel too badly   about that
anyway so no the drawing one was definitely .
  but I guess it depends on peoples abilities doesn't it    
                                                                                
