um     I think it was . well as it's December now I think it was one christmas when .
I'm from a family of five and .
we lived in a very small house and all our aunties uncles and cousins came to stay  
we had to pitch a tent . some slept in their little van .
and we had a really lovely chirstmas .
and one cousin who came from a family that it was   fairly well off
couldn't get over how we all hung our socks up on the mantle piece
he still thinks about that today
I think he was used to the flash christmas
ah but about about the best christmas I can remember as a kid
they're always the best   when you've   got all the family there
  to remember about
an we all put our names on our   our socks   incase   they got mixed up
    yeah
  and I'd hate to tell you what was in it
or would you like me to tell you what was in our socks
  oh we had some nice   um selection of nuts and an orange
having an orange was a big thing at christmas time
  they remembered   oranges as well  
  we had a lovely lovely time yeah  
um but ah   I   I think that's what most children got
you you might have got one thing like a doll or a something you know a bit bigger but .
I think later on I we were just talking about that the other day .
we mainly got clothes that we needed anyway  
  yeah so that was it
now what did you have for breakfast this morning
um what I have is um . a mixture of um . cornflakes and um   yogurt .
that's what I like best for breakfast     and a cup of tea
mmm hmm
ah now so it's not a test of reading skill
oh that's good because I'm
ah yes do take your time   if you want to read through it first  
good reader and
so do take your time and when you
how I sound yeah ah
ah . you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the air in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
my grandfather smoked til the day he died   and I think he stared at ten and he he
  died at ninety five  
  that someone else can start
much later than them and then it's just   unbelievable   .
oh right so we're done now
oh ok
yes it went really good
ah the dooring the drawing of the the really big the big  
that one was the hardest  
                                                                                
