let's see Christmas   is always . it's . the time of the year so I can tell you about that .
um Christmas in Japan I was about six and . it was a time when um Japan   was still recovering from the war
and had not much and we got nothing from the United States . so my parents went out and I guess they spent something like ten dollars on each child .
and bought   whatever they could buy for ten dollars which was a bunch of little itty bitty knick knack kind of things  
wrapped 'em all up put 'em under the tree and that was our best Christmas . because it was the year that . my brother and I learned to count .
and . we got the most presents we ever got that year had nothing to do with the quality of the presents just we had learned to count
and that was the year that we got the most
I am fluent now in probably only English I used to speak Japanese and ah German  
and I can still read both of   those but . I can't   speak 'em cos .
once you get away you lose it  
um . let's see my family consisted of . um my parents my mother and father who ah remained . married until my father died at forty two .
my mother remarried . about ten years later um . there were four children . from . my mother's first marriage .
I was the oldest I had a brother then a sister . um who were two years apart and then um .
fourteen years later we had a second brother so there were the four of us .
and then when my mother remarried we got another brother who's our sepbrother who is wonderful he in age he was one year .
behind me and one year ahead of my brother . my oldest brother and ah . that was it we're all still .
all five of us are still alive the parents are all deceased now including the step father but they you know they all lived good lives   and ah .
and my brothers and sisters are all ah . living their lives  
all over   um my sister's in Kansas ah she's married with two children they're both adults   her children are both adults now .
I don't have any children I'm married and been married for thirty . four or five years  
can't   always remember that you didn't ask me if I could remember anniversaries um .
my brother's in California . um . he has two children my  
younger brother is in Colorado he's married and they have no children um and .
the stepbrother     became a Catholic priest so fortunately he has no children and ah he is retired in ah Virginia and I live in Colorado in the    
winter here and . cos its summer in Colorado and I live in New Zealand during the summer  
no   neither one of us are New Zealanders   we just like the place  
two pieces of toast and then     I had a muesli bar about two hours later   . and coffee   .
bacon and eggs  
