oh gee   oh     yeah ah   very early
yeah one ah
Interviewer  yeah if you've got one
. I'm not it might have been when I went to kindergarten in a place called Deal in Kent .
I loved it and then we moved from there down to Wales and it was a totally different . ah
  yeah can remember that well I'd be about . ah two or three three I spose .
Interviewer  oh and what what exactly did you love about it .
I dunno I liked the atmosphere and the ah . I dunno I . um I dunno I .
I just liked it I'm sorry it had to be   specific   you know
Interviewer  alright so Kent ah it it's   part of
oh .   it's Deal Kent in England
Interviewer  right and so was that and then you moved to Wales   is that the case   right . excellent .
alright . and so . did you not enjoy Wales as much .
mmm not no not at that age   no no cause it was all
strange I mean I'd only learnt English till then I went down to Wales and
mind you my father is Welsh my mother was English   but we spoke English in the house and it was .
but soon as I started school I   started   bit of Welsh you know   so there .
Interviewer  excellent oh well thank you . ok . ah now what did you have for breakfast this morning .
oh I'd two . because I I got up . and I had um . porridge . and banana .
and then I went to Q E two for a swim
Interviewer  oh right
and then I come home and thought I better have something else so I had .
an apple and some . apricots and some . yogurt oh and a bit of . ah All Bran .
Interviewer  ah right very good   . alright and what do you like best for breakfast .
ah fruit .
Interviewer  fruit cool . alright so we're nearly finished . you ok?
mmm hmm I'm fine
Interviewer  excellent . now as I mentioned I've got this um paragraph for you to read aloud .
so this is it here .  
ah now it's not a test of reading skill or anything like that   so feel free to read through it first if you wish
  and when you're ready just read that aloud    
my grandfather   . good lord no he'd be in his hundreds by then
I'm eighty five so I don't know what he'd   what my grandfatehr to be    
banana oil anyway ah .
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather well .
he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in old black . frock . coat . or an old . black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced
feeling . of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully . and with zest     upon a small organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents  
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
but I don't I don't get that but
Interviewer  excellent   well thank you for that . alright . so we're done
  so that went ok didn't it
yeah oh yeah fine   banana oil .
Interviewer  so which test was the hardest .
ah remembering that drawing ah  
Interviewer  oh you did pretty well on that   pretty impressed . actually I can turn that off now thank you
                                                                                
