I can't remember   anything fantasticly happy . um  
mmm     yes when I was   quite young   my father taught me to tackle . while ah . when playing rugby .
he showed my the correct way to tackle . and when I went to primary school     I was playing .
in a number of rugby . teams . being quite young at that stage ah . I was    
really showing off my skills as a . tackler and . I was absolutely delighted at the fact that .
all these . players that thought they were going to go past .
they didn't and I just really enjoyed the occasions every time
when I would tackle so well   so that's one of the ones yeah
a nectarine   two pieces of Weet bix .
filled copiously with milk over the top with a big spoonful of brown sugar   and a .
cup of coffee and a vitamin pill  
exactly that although sometimes . if the occasions occur and I'm in a hotel or something like that
I'll start with fruit fruit juice . um   maybe some of the um    
specialty ah things that they put out . um  
then I'd continue into a . a light bit of .
um muesli . then I'd go on for the eggs bacons tomatoes and . all those type of things
finishing off with . coffee     but it's only cause I'm in a hotel  
no problem .
sure
then read it aloud    
oh I'll just read it straight off there and go    
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well .
he is nearly ninety three years old oh that's my father um yet he still thinks .
as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself . in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those . who observe him . a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully . and with zest . upon a small organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk . in the open air each day  
we have often urged him . to walk . more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
ok
to me it seemed alright yeah no problem
thinking of um . a joyful occasion when I was ah .   a young child  
just like that is very hard to come up with something
                                                                                
