when I was   say twelve . a friend and I . ah .
took our bicycles and we rode from   Picton.
to Pelorus Bridge . there we set up a little tent . which was great fun .
except that in the middle of the night it rained .
and the tent wasn't waterproof we had taken lilos with us .
so what we did was jumped out of bed .
got under the lilo put the lilo on top to   stop us from getting wet
and we were happy to go home next morning .
yes Pelorus Bridge   . through Havelock
yes
oh probably about four hours or more I'd say Simon   yeah
Pelorus Bridge actually going for a swim at the start of this year
oh is that right
um so you could see actually where the . the level where the water had been   and it was  
quite high was it mmm .
ah now can you tell me what you had for breakfast this morning
yes I had ah . cereal . and toast . with jam . and    and a nice cuppa tea .   yes
ah . what my wife gives me
excellent
are we still speaking or not
oh yes that's all right . not a . not a problem
  all I need you to do is to read this aloud
  so it's not a test of reading skill   so it's nothing like that but
um . we'll have . so feel free to have a look through it
and then when you're ready you can read that out loud .
:   
I think I'll carry on all right   .
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather well .
he's nearly . ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard   clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling . of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully . and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be . modern in his language .
banana oil
  it's interesting that ah . when I went for my teachers entrance .
there was a panel there
sitting behind there sort of all very knowledgeable looking eggs you know .
I want you to read from here all right so they give me this passage to read
and I stand up and I read you know . whatever it said .
when Obama unveiled a new budget .
you'll see how our view of the best way to bring those deficits down over time .
woman says excuse me . do you always speak that loud .
I said well I want the children in the back of the class to be hear me . that was my response .
                                                                                
