oh dear    um   
well I spent quite a bit of time with my ah . grandmother .
and ah I was one of six children .
and ah my grandmother came to live with us for a while and ah .
help my mother out and um .
she didn't always   ah stay with us where she lived was was about a mile away and
  and by the time she finished helping and that at the end of the day
I'd go with her I'd walk with her in the dark
and about a mile to her home where   and stay with her and I stayed with her quite a bit
and I do remember that
that something happened with me she was a dear old soul and we had a lot of .
fun with her over the years really and ah that's a good memory that I have of my childhood .
I wasn't very old at that stage  
but ah yes she came and stayed with us in Christchurch ah /
when we lived here in early days but she's dead now of course   so  
  we were a mixed lot she was ah   ah my um . mother's mother  
and ah they were from a Scottish . ah background . and um .
my father . ah . his grandparents were Irish
and   so we were a good mix of Irish and Scotch
what did I have for breakfast well firstly I had a banana with . ah yoghurt .
and ah . then I had   made porridge   and ah then I had toast
and ah and a cuppa tea     .
ah well I must like what I've just mentioned because I've ah
been doing that for quite a number of years since I started to learn to cook a wee bit
round the place
all right so we're nearly finished . are you okay ? .   cool
now I mentioned um the passage .
this short paragraph for you to read here  
um so it's not a test of reading skill so if you'd like to read through it first that's fine
but when you're ready you can just read that aloud
no that's all right it's the ah grandfather passage
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
    yes that was fine no worries at all .
which test ? . oh I think that drawing drawing that figure
thing yeah I think that was probably the one I remember mostly anyway
                                                                                
