:   
oh . dear me   
we were a bit unfortunate that we did not have a father . for the full of . our lives   
my mother and father separated   in .     
  well I can't tell you when it actually was   .
they separated and we were   my mother had a job to a to    look after  
nine children   .
yeah it was    but the thing is money wasn't . available them days to what it is today     
so I consider myself pretty bloody lucky to   have a few bob and . I own my own house   
I've had motorcars for oh for a good number of years now    
oh I   yes
I had two sisters older than me        but there's three  
only three of us   alive today     
unfortunately . one died . quite recently .
unexpectedly  
her husband he was     his . he was her    
her second husband . and he was not been very well for quite some . days  
and he ah    we anticipated that he would pass on before my sister Daphne but ah .
unfortunately that's the way things . go out     
but ah . I don't think there's anything else
okay   .
that   that there is my . the four of us     
cuppa tea . two slices of toast   that was it
and what do you like best for breakfast ? .
what do you like best . for breakfast ?   
oh just I always look forward to me two slices of toast
you okay
yeah
so if you could now have a wee look through it's not a test of reading skill . it's .
they just wanna hear you read it aloud
okay ? so feel free to look through it first if you'd like .
  but when you're ready you can just read that aloud   
you wish to know all about . about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet . he still thinks as   as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing   
a long beard clings to his chin giving those
who observe him   a pronounced feeling of   utmost respect  
twice a day he plays skilfully . with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents .
he still takes a short walk . in the open air each day  
you have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers   banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his . language
that's everything . so that went okay didn't it
is that the lot ?
they all are try and   try and remember's the big thing
                                                                                
