and a flat bottomed canoe and I used to go up and down the river and the willows . weeping willows drooped into the water
and they made little . little caverns and all the rubbish used to collect and I used to collect the   beer bottles for which I got
tuppence each .
oh right   oh very good . excellent   and so how long did you live was this . must have been close to town was it?
we were around Dallington Terrace
it was lovely yes .
our side of the river was it was quite a steep bank and it . there were no lawn it was all just wild grass .
but we had the pleasure of looking across . the river . to where the all the grass was trimmed and   it looked like it was just lovely
  yeah .
I had . muesli and yoghurt . a piece of toast   with one third of it   er with vegemite . and two thirds with .
what's today Monday honey   on Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturday and Sunday I have marmalade . and a drink of coffee made with milk .
what I've just had
thank you .
so feel free to look through it first if you wish   and when you're ready you can read that .
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing   a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect   twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk . in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil   grandfather likes to be modern in his language
  oh what a delightful passage like to meet him
oh good  
yeah well like very enjoyable
for me personally um . subtracting the   . yes um I've never been any good with figures .   and and you know when I we play
scrabble or rummy you know I always do the adding up . because it's it's . um I   I need the exercise   I can tell you
without . working it out what six and four are . I know that's ten . but if you said to me seven and six . I have to actually
seven ten fourteen one's fifteen   it's or you know whatever that's not right   but seven twelve one   I have to work it out  
and um   and and I have a   a school friend who was a teacher . she's the same .
but anyway . can't
                                                                                
