um   when we lived in Picton . and I was a child . er we used to go down to . what . they call the foreshore .
don't know what they call it now but it was a . really nice play area with   with boat swings and . er .
slides and all that kind of thing soexcellent . I actually spent a few years in Blenheim so we were going across to Picton quite a lot .
and   I just always remember going down to those   the playground there . and they had a wee um .
the wee pond . we used to be able to . um sail the wee . yachts you could hire .  
that was always a favourite I'm not sure if that's still there now but when I was . a kid that was definitely there it was awesome .
so how long were you in Picton for?
er . six years
five years . actually .
no that was . from when I was about three .   and I started school there .    did primmers . and .
um I had . er . carrot and apple and pineapple juice with um   um     what was it . linseed oil and and linseed . ground linseed  
and um   and a bit of um . blackcurrant juice too .   so fairly healthy breakfast   .
er   well I find that pretty hard to beat actually but occasionally if I . go out for breakfast I'll   um I do like bacon and eggs still .
and toast and     yip . that's not too bad  
mmm hmm .
er so feel free to look through it first if you like . and when you're ready just read that aloud .
mmm     you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he's nearly now ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old . black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing  
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ   except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day   we have often urged him to work . walk more and smoke less but he always answers .
banana oil   grandfather likes to be modern in his language
it was okay .
  um     well I remembered less of that drawing than I thought I was going to   cos I . I thought it was .
you know . relatively . structured and   er   but in the end I . there were . you know . once . once I started trying to remember the
harder it . seemed to . just .   like like trying to remember a dream
                                                                                
