well it was a childhood memory it wasn't very happy but ah .
I'll never forget the first time I was learning to ride a bike . and I was on it we were living on a farm at Fernside .
and I thought I'd be clever and try ride down the back drive along the road . up the front drive but um .
trying to get through the gate . from the back road to the ah .
from the back drive to the road I finished up in a gorse bush .
and ah that's a memory I've never forgotten
no no no damage . but my pride took a bit of a whallop .
um oh when I was . a bit older but ah   my daughter was ah . helping me to feed out .
and I was standing on the back of the truck . throwing . hay onto the out for the sheep .
I noticed that she was . driving all over the place and I told her to drive in a straight line and follow the .
the um . the rows of grass . and she said oh no I'm writing my name and when I looked back the hay was
had been throw out in a perfect W .
. muesli   . stewed apples . and ah . yogurt a cup of coffee .
what I had today .
um so you might like to look at it first . let me know when you are ready to read it out loud .
oh yes     you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is  
  nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often argued with him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yep .
oh which of what we've done this morning
probably remembering . to draw that . figure from well to to draw that from memory was .
I didn't know I had to .
no no no I was sort of expecting that    
                                                                                
