oh     that's a difficult one for me
oh well   my grandparents brought me up . um . and I was educated at .
Wharenui School and I was sent there rather than the Fendalton School because . my grandmother had
looked after the guy that was headmaster at Wharenui School he she used to push him up and down in his pram
when he was a baby . so she thought . she'd send me to the school . where her old friend was  
was the head the principal instead of going and everybody else went to Fendalton
but that didn't worry me cos I went out this way . yeah
um . yes well I enjoyed school I played a lot of sport so I was always in teams and . and being um .
and I was fortunate to be captains of   basketball and . at primary school and
netball . we played basket ball in those days . at highschool and tennis I was a keen tennis player . so    
being in the sports teams your sort of taken out into a friendly group aren't you yeah that no I thoroughly enjoyed .
mmm did a lot of sport . as have my children . since since me .   . anything else or
oh . a tangelo . and then some toast with a banana on it .
fruit and then toast . um . often with banana or something . mmm .
yes no fine  
so you can have a wee look at it or just start reading it whatever you'd like to do    
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk . in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language . .
yes ok well I hope so for your personal benefit
oh I was disappointed I didn't remember the numbers back . yeah    
was I?
but then you came in with them again   didn't you
yes perhaps that was it right yeah .
k that's good
                                                                                
