I have many happy childhood memories we had a bach at Waikuku beach .
and as a family . along with my cousins . we used to go out there .
almost every holiday except the May holidays which were a bit colder .
and we had wonderful times in the sand hills and the beach .
ah up the trees . all those sort of things that young fellows like to do when they're .
or young boys like to do when they're small . um .
and we had ah great social times and we're still very very close to those members of our family . and .
cousins who . participated in that time over there . out at Waikuku beach . it's North Canterbury   .
um . yeah I I was fortunate to have um good . God fearing parents who .
ah took a great interest in us and . and gave us lots of love and   and attention .
ah it was through a difficult time it was um the end of the depression I suppose and .
starting into the ah   into the war years . and lots of things were very short .   in supply .
but ah our parents looked after us so well and . and gave us a good upbringing and .
um taught us good morals   and good sense of values . and .
we were also fortunate to have our grandparents . who had come out from Scotland . ah in about nineteen hundred and .
twelve I think it was . and .
they lived near by as well as a couple of aunts and their families so .
we had a lot of family intergration   and I think that was always good and we're all still good
good mates   um     so ah we'd used to have Sunday teas we would all get together and
and ah and have sing songs and things like that so it was a . a close .
family tie and ah .   and I really appreciate it and we try to encourage
our daughters to do the same things with their famlilies and and with us and we . spend a lot of time with them
  and enjoy each others company .
yeah we're lucky very very lucky .
. I'm I'm a pretty . ah   a . habitual person I suppose . I have um .
I have weet bix two weet bix . with half an apricot . that we bottled .
ah which survived the earthquake   some of them didn't um .
and then a piece of toast and a cup of tea . and that's my breakfast every morning
just what I've said
yes no that's fine yeah good as gold
