um . probably when I was . four to five we had pet magpie and ah this pet magpie used to call my
my name quite regularly . hence be out playing and I'd hear this .
name being called and thought my mother was calling me and of course the laugh was that it was the magpie calling me
so   so we'd ah arrive to the house and my mother would wonder why we were there oh
thought you   thought you were calling me but these were . things that we had happen
  we were ususally playing under the trees um making farms in pine needles and .
and um . generally enjoying ourselves we had a great childhood
  safe safe .   . ah surroundings .
I was on a . sheep farm
ah what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
I had um carrot juice and apple . um freshly juiced and then I had ah one weet bix and milk and sugar .
and a cup of hot water
I guess what I've just had
cool . ok now as I mentioned there is just this last ah this final passage here for you to read
ah it's just it's not a test of reading skill so feel free to look through it first if you wish
ah and when you're ready you just read that aloud .
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well .
he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of utter most respect .
twice each day he painfully . plays skilfully . with the zest upon a small   with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk . in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
so that went ok didn't it?
that's great it was easy   .   the only one thing I'd like to
comment was that my date was wrong I said the eighth and it was the seventh
  I go to Methven on the eighth  
alright so so far which test have you found the hardest? .
copying the um . the   the diagram and then remembering the diagram   that I hadn't   .
                                                                                
