oh I have hundreds of them how old? .
oh   I remember my sixth birthday fifth or sixth birthday fifth I think
my   I'm going to my grandmothers place and she came out .
the parcel and it was a beautiful teddy bear .
no
unknown: do you still have the teddy bear?
yes
unknown: wow
I remember lots um ah trips that we   we made . um in a in a truck .
ah . round up . up the Akron or river or .
up to the up to the Bealey . so . somewhere like that up and frequently .   lots of trips .
which we were very lucky to have because petrol rationing was in in those days  
had a group of children taking groups of children yeah
a man called Mr Hart .
no he he was the superintendent of the power station
yeah he was the big boss but he he loved taking children out and . teaching them . bout trees and everything .
um weet bix with milk and cream
oh either that or porridge
oh I wouldn't say one's more popular than the other   depends wheather I've got a lot of time in the morning
I'll do do weet bix and sometimes if I've got a bit more time I do porridge just   I like them both yes
yeah
  it's not a test of reading skill . but you might like to just gloss over it for a second  
and then you can read it out loud when you're ready    
yep right
headline too?
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who   who observe him
a profound feeling of the utmost respect   twice each day he plays skilfully with the zest
with zest upon a small organ . except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day . we have often urged him to   to walk more
and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
it is
yes I yes   it's the drawings of the shapes that get me
oh definately
didn't do enough geometery at school
                                                                                
