oh couldn't I read something
mmm does it have to be childhood could it be   maybe maybe you your
it's really just talking for two minutes about something  
god     well I I left school at . fifteen . and I went to sea and I .
I was there for forty years . and after that I took early retirement
and then I brought a ice cream van like Mr Whippy only it was better .
and that was fanscinating was   terrific time and then .
I gave that up and I went and ah took over a . vat cleaning business
for fish and chip shops . and that was fascinating because you had to get it up
to the operating temperture which was one hundred and forty degrees .
water boils at a hundred degrees .   so you had to watch .
eh the splashes . and that was quite fascinating and I did that for about two years
and then just retired . and we ah been retired for seven years
and we took over a motel in Rangoria . so ah .
and that was about it do you want me to go on longer?
what did you have for breakfast? .
boiled egg .
ah well it's usually between cereal and boiled egg
mmm hmm yeah    
please it's not a test of reading skills so you might like to have a look at it first
just let me know when you're ready to go . read it out loud    
right the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced
feeling of the utmost respect . twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest
upon a small organ . except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we often we have often urged him to   walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yes alright
oh I don't know just remembering something     I mean there's so much to remember really  
bystander: just stop    
                                                                                
