when you were growing up    
oh for goodness sake . oh     funny .   something funny . amusing   well . we as children .
from about the age of . ten . I had to ah we had to   ride four miles to school and back .
on ponies . because the little school we attended . at the corner or our road
had to close because there were only three Rutherfords left that could go to it .
and my youngest brother was five and so he'd . had to be . doubled on the back of the pony .
so we used to set off every morning . on our ponies . and he used to ride on the back of me
and my sister used to ride another pony . and um   it was quite a tricky little pony this
one called Pixie and I remember one day it stopped and um decided to have a
a drink in a puddle and Margaret slide right off the . the neck of the pony and ended up in the in the water
I don't know wheather it's funny or not   it was it was quite funny
she was very wet for the day
um oh lots of things we had a lot of good humour in my family home you know there was always
singing and . plenty of
out of Omaru   we lived on a farm out of Omaru .
oh it was quite a hilly farm um . my father'd brought it ah in partnership with his
brother when they were both single and then my dad . married my mother .
and then my uncle   ah after that . been there a   short time decided to go and buy another property .
and so dad farmed it on his own with with help as it was in those days because everything was very much more physically
. involved and ah it was a mixed farm of sheep and . cattle . and grain cropping and we had
chooks and we had horses and ponies and I used to ride the hills with my father
mustering sheep and all those sort of . I loved doing that   sort of thing I didn't like house work or
helping inside very much I was much more . interested in ah horses and .
  and those sort of things yes so   um . it's not it was it was lovely .
and ah . ah it's not in the family any longer . it's moved on my brother ran it for
one of my brothers ran it for many years but after my dad died . about ten years ago . he finally sold it and  
it's gone to Auckland oh it was tough . you know I don't didn't realise that but you know life .
for us was . ok my mother died when I was fifteen so that left us in a . rather
ah difficult situation but um . we . we did alright we were at boarding school two
three of us were actually at boarding school at that stage . but um .
ah it it was you know when you know a bit more about finances and how these people I always thought they owned it but
of course they didn't own it   it was always leased or it was   you know those sort of things
mmm .   but it was a good um   we had a good  
I had fresh fruit salad . yogurt and um . ah I think it this one's called . just me or .
ah cereal of some sort on the top of it I just buy what evers .
yeah
oh . what ever's cheapest at the time really   just right I think it was just right
I got at the moment Hubbards just right
yeah
