when you were growing up  
oh that could be a long time ago then
no     ah   I haven't got a great deal of memory . about that time   um     no     no  
no . no I .
compared to living in New Zealand back then was it very different? .
ah . yes . but it you must remember   when I answer that . that . two things came together  
the important thing . was . that um     ah instead of    
two things happened at once I changed my life completely . by going to New Zealand .
which was totally different place from .   the Haig   and   the other thing was .
my life was going to be different on account of . finishing school .
um   that was quite a a   because . quite a um . an ah   um     quite an event .
um the two things came together . so I don't know which one was the worst . um I think    
um   one one was not worse     than the others . it . was   both both happened at the same time so it's hard to .
remember . which was actually the worst   um     um     um    
I changed my whole ah .   life um   um   I had to um I changed my work . um
to ah to something completely different . um     yeah . yeah
ah what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
weet bix
yeah
mmm weet bix . weet bix
I don't   give it a lot of time
yeah
so it's not a test of reading skills so do feel free to read through it first if you wish .
but when you're ready you can just read that aloud    
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him . observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
yeah sure
oh that uh test . um where you ask me the . to remember   ah  
complicated ah . it it was meaningless . ah   it didn't give me much help .
ah remembering it
but ah .
                                                                                
