or even a friend when you were growing up    
alright   how about getting on the wrong bus
yeah
yes um we were in the city late evening and we'd been to the local dance when they had read dances
waltzs foxtrot quick step in the city and we walked into the square . to get on the bus and people used to  
sneak in alcohol and we'd probably had a few drinks in the dance hall which wasn't allowed
and we ended up getting on the bus instead of going to Papanui it was going to Cashmere
we ended up heading towards the Cashmere hills it was the last bus of the evening
so we got off at the bottom of the Cashmere hills and we had to find a phone box
ring parents tell them to come all the way from all the way from Papanui to the bottom of the Cashmere hills
to get a ride home on a freezing cold night .
an we were naughty children
yes we did yeah for getting our parents up cos it was after midnight . yes .
and parents never   let us forget that
  well we would have walked home from there   . which'd be a long long way
and   we had not enough money to ring . you know use money
public phone boxes so we rang up and got my father out of bed ranting and raving
and he came and picked us up and he had his pajamas on in the car
yeah . there was four of us and he dropped all the . girls home .
and took me home and I got nagged and roked all the way home
ah?
that he'd picked us up we hadn't decided to walk all that way home which is probably be about
twenty ks twenty miles or so um
we did the sensible thing and rang for him he ranted and raved but he got over it .
and he said it was better for him to pick us up than to be
us walking on our own and spliting up and
you know young girls at night on their own I wouldn't venture into the city now .
yeah   yeah ah he wasn't really a that sort of person either . yeah .
he just thought it was a great joke he ranted and raved like dads do
this morning?
alright ah ok . instant coffee   we keep good coffee well good coffee for
  morning tea and just have one a day keeps you awake
um for breakfast I had instant coffee fairly strong
two pieces of cheese topped toast which I cut in half I had peanut butter on one half
honey on the other half . and I have the other piece cut in half with um .
bit of marmalade and the other half was a jam and not butter or . margerine
  then on the weekend I have one piece of toast with the cereal
I have a cereal on the weekend
I would say the colin old   toast
yeah
sorry?
am I ok   yeah
