or maybe to a close friend .
I could tell you something funny that happened to me in the last . four years .
  that'd be alright
well I had a dog called Taddy he was a rough coat jack russell
and he always kept running away because he wasn't neutered and I didn't
want to neuter him because he'd sired some very nice puppies
anyway one day he ran away and he usually used to run away and
get his feet under the table at a hotel or in some kitchen where they fed him up
furiously and brought him home anyway
this day he ran away and ah I   I couldn't find him
so I went to bed at night and there's a phone call about um
nine o'clock and a man's voice said 'I've found this dog ah which belongs to you
in Riccarton bla bla bla' and I said 'thank you very much' and he said oh 'I'll bring it round'
so   the truck comes around and it's the dog um
control officer and I go out in my dressing gown and he says
'you went to bed without reporting your dog missing' and I said 'oh he's always running away
he's not neutered' 'you better get him neutered
or otherwise if I see him so much as two feet out side your gate
I'll put him in the pound and you'll have to pay three hundred dollars to get him back' .
so after that he had to stay behind the fences and the gates but as I say he he
sniff the air and he was gone .
I had a cup of   two cups of tea and toast with . um
peanut butter and honey and um that vitamin B powder which used to be called  
brewers yeast on top of it .
well that's what I have every day   and then I have um ah porridge about ten o'clock
yeah fine
this little paragraph for me  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a  pronounced
pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice  twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
prevents   he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language
yes it was very good .
um probably that um design of   the ah blocks .
the   yes what I thought was a maybe a a ultra modern church  
                                                                                
