or a friend when you were growing up    
got a lot of years to think about haven't I   yes    
can you think of anything funny that your sisters may have done or
you and your sisters  
well I spose it's funny to look back on on now but um we used to
as a family go eeling in our cow paddock
and ah more often . than not . it . was . dark and it was summer time . and . we .
used to ah . come across the odd odd cow pat   which was . nice and warm
and ah   a   bit wet . um . there was always .
I suppose a bit of a yell and a squeal about that
and and um   the other thing I can think about is
while we're eeling it was the um . some we used to have a . um .
what we called a four gallon kerosene tin . um . with .
one of the long sides cut out of it . and inside that we would have a candle
that would be to attract the eels . and um    
sometimes   unfortunately for me there was a eel on the bank . and I . um .
used to . be I did get a bit scared about it I spose it's .
wasn't funny at the time but um the feeling of a
slimey eel underfoot was   not much fun .
not much fun at the time but I can laugh about it now .
and I guess that's not really what you're looking for is it
the     funny for me to look back on now   yes .
and ah yes . so um   you know as a as a group of kids mum was always there with us of course
ah but those were the kind of . fun things I can look back on now and that um
that a lot of kids don't miss out on now yes   yes . ah .
wasn't I ah never eat a eel but I can remember my eldest sister and her boyfriend .
cooking some up in our kitchen and I'm sure . they told me that it's .
the pieces would still have nerves in it or something and   and it would
jump around in the pan
so . I guess I guess it was a tall story
that was actually really good . ah so what did you have for breakfast? .
as a kid or today   today I . you want the full works
  I had a . um stewed apricots with . two weet bix . a a cup of milk .
um apricot flavoured yogurt . uh and I had a piece of
wholemeal home   made bread made by my husband .
I had that made into toast and I had . homemade marmalade which I'd made
ah on top of that and I also had a cup of tea .
I think I like my   fruit and cereal or     wanted more specific than than that?
I'm fine thank you   yeah
