okay um . one childhood memory that comes very quickly to mind is um .
breaking my leg as a seven year old  
and I was inside um a boat and it had an inboard motor  
and as I walked past the motor
the belt on the motor dragged my leg into the engine
  and twisted it around until it snapped and did all sorts of interesting things .
yes and we were right down in the Queen Charlotte Sounds which was a five hour launch trip  
to the port and the launch had dirty petrol and it took us nine hours to get there   .
and when we got there the   ambulance was waiting from Blenheim
and the roads were clay and it had been raining and we slid from one side of the road to the other to get to the hospital
I don't know how my poor mother didn't pass out on the spot .
but I was sedated there was a a doctor down there and I was sedated so I didn't really know much of what was going on but I was
still aware of all the happenings
and it was a long long healing process they were going to amputate my leg  
well it was um .
interesting at the time I think as a child you don't remember the pain you were probably  
doped up to the eyeballs but I went to school in hospital I remember that and going to
there was Bugs Bunny cartoon on the door of the school and having to do maths and English and .
I was in hospital for four months . and they did save my leg .
my knee's a bit odd   but they did save my leg instead of chopping it off . for which I am very grateful .
so that'll that's one memory that stays with me quite well  
I had um natural yoghurt Clearwater natural yoghurt .
with that I had a chopped up kiwifruit and half a banana
and my soaked seeds and I soak flaxseed linseed and pumpkin seeds overnight until they swell and I mix them all together
that's what you call a healthy breakfast
I don't mind I'd like to eat great mountains of toast
but it's too carbohydrate oriented so I refrain and I also have quinoa porridge
and put the same things in that
sometimes millet porridge .
just whatever I feel like at the time or how much time I've got to eat it before I have to fly out the door
absolutely fine
okay the grandfather passage
you wish to know all about my grandfather well
he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers
banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language
absolutely yeah fine
oh well that having to emulate   copy that
copy that dratted diagram that was the only one
                                                                                
