funny or amusing that happened to you or even a friend when you were growing up .
  
ah the neighbour's lad um . used to climb trees like most of us and the poor fellow fell out of the tree .
and unfortunately he um well fortunately he survived the fall unfortunately he had his pocket knife
open when he fell . and unfortunately he cut a little bit of his anatomy that didn't ought to have been cut  
Interviewer (Simon): wow you don't . um . I guess expect that kind of thing every day   that mustn't have been very pleasant
no I would say not .
Interviewer (Simon): oh were you were you friends with him
yeah we used to go over later on when we were older we used to go over there and   race motor bikes round on a
Sunday afternoon   and that was great fun
Interviewer (Simon): oh very good  
all righty thank you very much . all right  
what did you have for breakfast this morning?
ah I had muesli and a cup of tea
Interviewer (Simon): very good . ah and what did you like best for breakfast? .
um I'm very happy with muesli um . I like bacon and eggs but I
probably not good for me to eat it every day   yeah unfortunately
Interviewer (Simon): all righty thank you ah so we're nearly finished there so are you okay?   . cool
so here is this passage for you so it's not a test of reading skill so do feel free to read through it first if you wish .
um but when you're ready you can read that aloud .
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black froat   frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully .
and with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he also   but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
Interviewer (Simon): cool excellent . thank you  
all righty all right so that's the we've finished the recording there so that went okay didn't it
yip no problem
Interviewer (Simon): so which test have you found the hardest?  
oh I think the um .
copying the   the the drawing by memory ah the ray
the complex figure
Interviewer (Simon): yeah that's the one
even though I've seen it before I I haven't drawn it before I don't think other than with someone else
                                                                                
