oh   
I can't think of any funny things . um  
I can't think of funny things  
a childhood memory? oh well probably my most .
vivid I mean I went to Avonside girls' high and
is probably   a holiday in Nelson and tenting and . we .
you know it was the first big family holiday and that's probably the .
and and going fishing out in a boat which I loathed .
I was and I hated seeing the fish getting caught
I couldn't bear it and then I couldn't eat them cos I couldn't bear  
them coming up out of the water with a hook in their mouth    
so that was um   that was that's a very vivid memory and even now I still don't like   fishing
fishing I do like fish .
to eat   but I can't bear to watch them being caught with a hook  
what did you have for breakfast?
this morning? . banana on toast
um . I like some fruit . I sometimes have muesli . I sometimes have . porridge  
but I do always   like to have some piece of fruit like a Chinese gooseberry and today and I had a
cup of hot water I don't have tea or coffee at breakfast  
yes yes
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old . black . frock coat
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the .   of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the . when   when the snow or ice prevents he   lowly takes a
a short walk in the open air each day
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
I don't know     you never know what you sound like
you   don't sound the way you expect you'll sound  
out of all the tests that we've done today which one was the hardest? .
the memory of the thing which I'd sort of you know just dismissed and couldn't recall .
that would be the hardest .
                                                                                
