um . yes um there was a a   a fella who work wiv me just coming out of his time he was twenty one and we usually um play a practical joke on them
and ah I got a an eyeglass and I put some marking glue round the eyeglass
and one of the other apprentices come up to me and said what are you doing Bill? and I said oh
I'm just checking the veneer I said check me the size will ya? knowing full well that ah .
he'd got this glue on this eyeglass and he put it up and looked at the veneer and started to laugh and I said what
and I was killing myself laughing cos I knew and I said well what are you laughing at
he says when I put it up I closed me eye so he took it out of his the eyeglass out of his out of the one eye
and put it up on the other one and looked at it and of course when he took it off he'd got these two rings around his eyes
and I just cracked up and I said look in the mirror and he just cracked up himself and fell on the floor killing himself laughing
ah what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
muesli . um . with a   half a banana . milk and a cup of coffee
that's what we have for breakfast actually my wife makes it it's it's it's an American recipe called granola .
  and it's ah . it's like a muesli but it's more it's more . got more in it .
excellent .
all right so we're nearly finished . are you okay?
ready   now this is the passage it's not a test of reading skill so you might like to look at it first if you want
ah but when you're ready you can just read that aloud .
  
right okay  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather well .
he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect
twice a day he plays skilfully with zest upon a small organ except in the winter
when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
great thank you very much . alright so we're finished the recording there so that went okay didn't it   .
excellent and so which test have you found the hardest? .
   ah   
that one where you asked me to recall um the words   yeah because I'm I'm good on words I know I am but ah .
ah again and I'm making excuses since the earthquake it seems to have gone out the window a wee bit  
                                                                                
