any sort of story that might . stick in the mnemory
mm funny it's a long time since I grew up . really
does it have to be funny or?
um well . on April the thirteenth when I was about ten I was biking down Bealey Avenue with my sister .
and I was lagging behind and she was looking around to see where I was and didn't notice a car turning right and got caught on .
the bumper bar   um fortunately she wasn't too badly injured but her teeth were broken and my parents were in the .
middle of her having orthodontic treatment so I was not exactly popular
but everytime the thirteenth of  
a month comes around or   it was Friday the thirteenth actually   now I think about it
Friday the thirteenth so everytime a Friday the thirteenth comes around I think of that particular incident
which wasn't funny but it does certainly stick in my mind   mm
all right well thank you for that
that's all right Simon
I'm not a breakfast person so I had a cup of coffee I   I don't have breakfast
I'm one of the nausy ones
well that makes my next question a bit more difficult which was going to be what do you like best for breakfast
okay well if I am having breakfast I have a slice of toast
yip good  
it's not a test of reading skill so ah if you want to look through it first that's fine
but when you're ready you can just read that aloud .
the grandfather passage
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing  
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have oftend urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers
banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language
all right so that's the recording there so that went okay didn't it  
yip that's great  
oh probably the drawing   well without a doubt the drawing
                                                                                
