funny or amusing that happened to you or even a friend when you were growing up?   
um I can remember an incident we were brought up on a farm
and we had vistors came and were staying and I was showing off and I rode the pet lamb and fell off .
and broke my arm only we didn't find out until the next day that my arm was broken
small animals like that around I remember my cousins used to have pet lambs as well   so it must have been quite a lot of
I can remember it was the showing off part I can't remember who the vistors were but um yes
and my mother was so annoyed   at me because I kept on crying and and um she just ignored me
and it wasn't until next day and she felt awful because whhen   they discovered it was broken so
now ah what did you have for breakfast this morning?
I had a poached egg on toast
during the . winter I prefer porridge
we have porridge fairly frequently ah during the summer it's mainly just a piece of toast
now and again an egg
yes
so it's not a testof reading skill so do feel free to look through it first if you like
but when you are ready you can just read that aloud    
the grandfather passage
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
banana oil .
all right so now that's the recording so that went okay didn't it  
excellent ah so which test have you found the hardest?  
remembering that drawing
                                                                                
