  
Interviewer (Simon): or any sort of story that sticks in your mind   
no not really I think ah probably one of the things that stands in my mind is the .
chap who was my best man I met . he   I   ah .
um when I was at primary school .
he was at a different primary school but he delivered the star in the district  
um . we both went to the same high school . and we have been friends ever since .
Interviewer (Simon): oh right excellent so you met at high school then?  
we met at at um after primary   after school going home walking home  
and he would be at the corner ah it was .
a corner witha shop on that side and a shop on the other side .
and he would be sitting   standing there folding the papers .
the evening paper to deliver   and we stopped and talked and we just about did that  
every night for . probably a year
  and we both started at ah secondary school on the same day   .
Interviewer (Simon): small wee world ah when
and you   yeah and ah .
Interviewer (Simon): when things like that happen
we're   still   still friends .
and fortunately his wife well it was a bit unfortunate because  
he was   my best man and I never got to his wedding cos my sister got married . the same day .
Interviewer (Simon): oh really
so that one was a was a real odd one that ah .
  just just didn't work out   but his wife is
a close friend of my wife's now so  
Interviewer (Simon): excellent oh well thank you very much for that  
all right . what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
porridge . two pieces of toast . a cup of tea .
Interviewer (Simon): very good . and what do you like best for breakfast?   
usually I like cornies and and um . yoghurt with it um
but since I had the operation that I had I haven't been able to eat sort of harder stuff
so I've been eating porridge which I used to hate
and I've quite taken to it as long as I can put some brown sugar on it   sweeten it up
Interviewer (Simon): very good . excellent all right so we're nearly finished are you okay? . cool .
right now as I mentioned we've got this paragraph for you to read through
so it's not a test of reading skill so if you want to have a wee read through it first that's fine
but when you are ready to read that aloud you just go ahead   
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses   dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have urged him to walk more and smoke less but he's always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
silly fella smoking I smoked for   smoked for many years and I gave it away
Interviewer (Simon): oh right that was very good
it was quite easy
Interviewer (Simon): oh right? oh that's good to hear
I cold turkeyed
Interviewer (Simon): oh very good all right okay so that's the recording there so that went okay didn't it   .
so which test have you found the hardest?  
that one drawing trying to copy that it was
Interviewer (Simon): bit of a tricky one isn't it   all right
                                                                                
