funny or amusing that happened to you or even a friend when you were growing up? .
amusing   oh
well can I tell you my . awful story well it was awful at the time .
when I was five I must have been five . cos my . oh .
I'll come to my   my younger brother . ah when I was five .
mum always said to us if you don't stop being naughty Father Christmas won't come   
and   she always said that and we knew that
that Father Christmas would always come but this Christmas .
we went out to the dining room we'd hung the stockings up the night before .
along the fireplace and we went out and they were just empty against the fireplace .
and I've never forgotten the feeling it was just awful there was nothing in them .
couldn't believe it   and .
eventually we saw a piece of paper .
pinned to the fireplace . and .
it said that we were going up to our grandparents' later in the day .
and we were to go down into the garden . Grandma's home was on a hill and .
go down into the garden below the hill
lots of trees down there just go down there and you'll find that I've left you some .
goodies there . so
we eventually got to grandma's and we went down the hill  
and my older brother and I could run fast and we just ran down the hill and .
nothing there was nothing there either but my younger brother . who's two years younger than me
he was much slower and he was very carefully looking round and he looked up the walnut tree .
and it was absolutely covered I can still see the walnut tree too .
it had   balloons . decorations . presents galore . it was wonderful
I've never forgotten it   it was just so beautiful
you know it really was and we'd been so disappointed and we were sure that .
we'd been impossibly naughty you know . but  
two days later . I'd had another brother .
  of course I didn't know mum was pregnant
you didn't know your mother was pregnant in those days <yip
  you know and I suppose she thought .
she mightn't have made it   for Christmas   but
but two days later he was born   but it was .
it's a Christmas I'll never forget because I can still   feel the awfulness of looking at that fireplace .
nothing there and then that wonderful walnut tree
oh that's fantastic . excellent oh well thank you very much for that
oh that's a good story that one
all righty . and next one now . what did you have for breakfast this morning?
what did I have for breakfast? porridge
porridge   oh no I eat um   um  
you know   cornflakes and stuff in the summer .   and fruit but .
yeah
it's not a test of reading skill though so if you do want to read through first that's fine  
ah but when you're ready you can just read that aloud .
  
mm . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
he sounds like a very nice grandfather
all right ah we've finished the recording ah that went okay didn't it  
I hope
which test have I found the hardest? remembering  
                                                                                
