oh dear . something funny   ah
ah    gosh I I . if you hadn't asked me that I would have thought of something but .
mm . ah   
so it has to be when I was growing up not when I was an adult?
right . ah . well . ah we had ah a house with a . a wide hall and ah
it was big enough that you could ride your tricycle up and down it   .
and it was . not unusual that the tricycle would be left in the hall . sometimes  
unfortunately . on . Christmas eve . when the carol singers . came round .
my father got up to go out and ah
and make a donation because they had come fairly late to our house .
and he fell over the tricycle . and he was very upset about this .
and by the time he had ah ah disentangled himself from the tricycle and got out to the .
to the ah to the front door the carol singers had gone . so he'd .
ran off down the street . in his pyjamas  
to give them the donation . now is that the sort of thing you wanted?
this morning I had . a mixture I had . weetbix .
and I had some rice bubbles on that and then some muesli on the top .
and some milk   and . followed by some toast .
do you want to know what I put on the toast?
no carry on
ah I think that suits me quite well actually I . I think that would be my favourite .
a bit of everything     if I had time I would make porridge but     
so now I'm just gonna get you to read um   this passage for me   
the grandfather passage  
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever  
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several   buttons missing  
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day   
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language   
I think so mm
ah the one I failed . ah and that was the one with the five . words .
cos I reminded myself of them .
once or twice during the time we were doing the intervening tests .
and I thought yes that's the trick
you tell yourself about them and then when the time came
I think perhaps the thing that put it out of my mind might have been doing the  
the drawing . cos there's so much concentration required on   don't know anyway
                                                                                
