or even a friend while you were growing up   
oh . that's a hard one um   
something like nine to twelve I was at boarding school . um   
ah I . I guess it could be funny now that um .
four or five of us decided .   the school was in the middle of the country
  and four or five or us decided to . leave .
and . go to the . little village nearby to buy some sweets .
and ah somebody in the village obviously .
reported us and when we got back the headmistress was standing at the .
the school gates waiting on us so ah .
it wasn't particularly funny at the time but when you look back on it now we were kind of stupid
oh ah . we got some detention points or. and a speaking to it wasn't anything .
serious but um . you sort of think   on it now and it .
you now how   it was pretty silly . it wasn't particularly funny at the time but .
that's a story anyway  
um . well our uniform was
being at boarding school?
oh it was okay . um I actually went there when I was ten .
um . and . it wasn't that far away from my   from my home I lived in Glasgow .
ah but my I'm the youngest in . my family . and um .
I was . at that time . not . not as .
well I didn't appear to be as bright as as the rest of my family and mum and dad thought that I would probably.
not be good staying on at the school that they'd been in .
so I was sent to a . a boarding school um .
which there was only about a hundred and thirty .
students there so it was . um quite small classes and um
things like that so I mean I think it had its plusses but um .
and I just accepted it it's what . you know you didn't think anything else about it .
um but probably now it's a bit strange because a lot of . because most of my friends were from  
we weren't all from the one city  
and so now they're all spread throughout the world and it's .
you know it's been hard to   to keep in touch there's ah I'm in touch with about two or three .
people still but that's all out of my class .
um . you know whereas .
Christchurch here   you know people   tend to sort of still know all the people they were at school with  
but ah no it was okay  
ah   Kellog's . um   
can't remember what they're called it's not cornflakes but it's supposed to be healthy .
ah healthy ones . um and yoghurt and . fruit .
nutrigrain or something
no it's it's it's um . its's like .
it's the one that they tell you you should be all nice and slim with it's it's um . Kellog's .
I don't know it's got bits of fruits fruit in it and it's like   looks like cornflakes but it's .
yeah so  
um . that's about what I like best actually . or cereal um . I'm not .
a big breakfast I don't . bother with cooked breakfasts um .
and we have a house over in Akaroa and um .
my son . and his friends go out . water skiing early in the morning and we come back .
and have . bacon and eggs and all that sort of thing and I never .
never have that because it just doesn't .
yeah I don't enjoy a cooked breakfast   so it's usually just . cereal is my .
favourite or muffins I really like muffins  
I'm good yip    
