something funny
Interviewer (Simon): yes or   any sort of story that might stick in your memory  
um . well I can remember one time . my   girl friend and I . we were .
going to . I think we were going to school .
and we thought we had to go . to a certain classroom in   in the school where we went .
and so we went along and there was nobody there . and
unfortunately we hadn't .
heard properly and we should have been outside with all the other class .
and we just thought it was so funny and I suppose that's something we could . remember .
Interviewer (Simon): so what did you end up doing? .
what did we end up by doing? oh well we we realised that we perhaps we shouldn't be there so we  
made our way ah around other classrooms and found that everybody was outside .
and there was some activity going on that we should have been at .
we didn't seem to know anything about it  
so never mind   these things happen
Interviewer (Simon): yes they do . excellent oh well thank you very much  
okay ah what did you have for breakfast this morning
oh I had . apples .   stewed apples bananas and muesli this morning and   yoghurt
Interviewer (Simon): excellent . and what do you like best for breakfast?  
that's one of my favourite breakfasts is fruit and muesli and yoghurt
but bacon and eggs is very nice for a change  
Interviewer (Simon): very good excellent   .
toast with marmalade   you must have marmalade when you have bacon and eggs
Interviewer (Simon): oh right oh well I must try it then my grandma actually makes a really nice marmalade
  so I haven't had it for a while now though
oh right so we're nearly finished so are you okay
yes fine thank you  
Interviewer (Simon): so as I mentioned we've got this short passage for you
so it's not a test of reading skill so if you do want to look through it first that's fine .
but when you're ready you can just read that aloud .
right   oh about my grandfather .
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully .
and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he   he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
what a great grandfather
Interviewer (Simon): all righty . thank you very much .
okay so that's the recording there so that went okay didn't it?
yes very good
Interviewer (Simon): excellent . ah so which test have you found the hardest?  
I think the drawing test
Interviewer (Simon): that's that's the most common one we find  
is it . I think it's . so many memory things in that  
                                                                                
