that happened to you or even a friend when you were growing up   
um   oh my brother was always um   
ah   one step ahead .
and ah one particular day I . there was a ladder up to the roof and out parents were out .
so I played this game with him   whereby we .
I persuaded him to go up to the roof to look down on my face as I looked up the chimney .
and then we alternated roles and then . when it was his turn to look up the chimney .
I got a bucket of water and climbed up the ladder onto the roof and tipped it down all over him  
um oh probably about ten .
did you get in trouble or?
ah well I didn't realise that the . chimney     a well I mean I'd completely .
forgotten that the chimney would be black and by the time the water got to the bottom of the chimney
it would be black also so that the ah . rug and carpet at the bottom of the chimney was ah .
wasn't in a fine state .
um at the end of all that and then the parents came home when we were in the process of trying to clean it up .
oh yes   they found out yes
they were sort of seen behind the house laughing .
  . um but ah we were disciplined  
ah tree tomatoes and . san bran and a slice of toast with marmalade  
cup of tea .
oh just and . a bit of ah bran on the cereal as well um .
just I have it every morning I used to have toast and marmalade and decided that probably a bit of fruit and cereal would  
we're nearly finished are you okay?     
could you oh   mm
could you read this sentence please . it's not a test of reading skill
so you might want to look at it first .
let me know when you're ready to read it out loud  
um I can look at it while I'm reading it?   yeah I can read it any time
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers .
banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
never heard that ah . expression in my life
oh I think so  
um probably reproducing the drawing  
if I'd been um . savvy I might have realised that you might have wanted me to do something like that   
                                                                                
