what your early memories of school were     
went to a . primary school in the Hornby area of Christchurch  
the four children were all at the one school  
um . happy times . we had the most wonderful swimming bath .
that we just about lived in at the weekends   
um   I don't remember a lot about school other than the discipline .
um . my brother was a prefect at the school and he was in charge of giving out the apples  
  we had daily apples  
so he made sure that the sisters got the best ones .
and I also remember school milk .
and with the little cardboard top on the milk bottle
and ah we had an individual bottle that I loved having my own bottle .
and we were given a straw to stick through the cardboard .
top and we thought that was rather nice .
and no doubt the apples and the milk kept us all healthy .
we walked to and a half miles to school
and we were expected to go to school in all weathers  
we walked on shingle roads . we had marvellous times with .
all the neighbour's children as we walked to school built huts in . broom paddocks .
played hide and seek . and all together a wonderful lifestyle
Interviewer (JW): that sounds fantastic thank you for that .
what did you have for breakfast?   
shame   two crumpets .   and a mug of black tea
because I was in such a hurry   .
oh and   I actually squeezed in banana while driving the car .
Interviewer (JW): good stuff what do you like best for breakfast?   
well if I had a choice I'd have lovely fresh fruit and   low fat yoghurt .
and um toast   with lashings of   peanut butter
and tea .
Interviewer (JW): nice . black tea?
oh now could you . readcthis passage please
now it's not a test of reading skill   so you might like to look at it first
and then let me know when you're ready to read it out loud    
  
mm . the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather  
well he is nearly ninety three years of age .
he is ninety three years old  
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat  
usually with several buttons missing  
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who   observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully .
and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents  
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more . and smoke less  
but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
Interviewer (JW): thank you . cool we have finished the recording . that went okay didn't it?    
so which test have you found the hardest?  
subtraction   
Interviewer (JW): let's stop now
                                                                                
