growing up  
hmm .
yeah well I do remember that I was told . that they used to tie me to the clothes line so I wouldn't fall into the lake .
when my mother was hanging out the washing   and things like that yes .
mmm
oh summer time it's pretty hot cos there would be norwesters and that   affecting it the same there
and also too there was not much . greenery around it was an open space . pretty   much yeah .
oh yes   oh I gathered that . the women . who wintered over down there had a . a competition for the longest icicle .
  because the icicles used to pretty much reach the ground from the rooves down yeah .
in the winter and my mother was very upset cos she actually had the longest icicle and the grocer boy came and banged the back door and it broke .
    so   she wasn't too thrilled about that .
no television or any no I don't even think they had very good radio reception ever   yeah  
but a lot of . lot of social .
lifestyle yeah
excellent . oh thank you . alright . what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
I had . porridge . and . yoghurt . with banana . and soymilk . and   fruit juice   and toast with marmalade .
well   that's good . in the summer   in the winter rather and in the summer . we usually have a cereal with . the same things yes .
mmhmm
er but when you're ready you can just read that aloud .
okay       the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him . a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yip . just fine .
what did I find the hardest redrawing that diagram
  I think that was alright
oh and I also forgot that last . one of that sequence what was it? .
oh of course it was . it was a colour yeah
                                                                                
