something funny or amusing that happened to you or maybe a friend when you were growing up    
from a     would a early memory be yeah that's   that sort of thing   you're after  
camping holiday with my parents I was an only child
and um my parents had an old model motor vehicle .
and we were on a country road and the um
radiator boiled   as old model cars want to do . my father went to um get water
for the radiator . and water was done here I am
given straight head down a steep bank   he fell or slipped or fell over
it was higly amusing I can still recall my mother in fits of laughter at my father disappearing over the bank to
collect water for the boiling radiator .
and also the car well you can imagine   piled up with tent gear and camping equipment and yes
I had a bed on the back seat so that I could nod off to sleep   it's quite a vivid memory with
seeing my mother in fits of laughter . as I say my father disappearing over a bank to collect water
I don't think he saw it with the same .   sense of amusement no
muesli   and a piece of toast .
muesli and a piece of toast and a drink of water .
I'm fine
. it's not a test of reading skill so if you want to read it first then that's fine . um
but let me know when you're ready to read out loud    
shall I go
right now
the grandfather passage you wish to know all about my grandfather well he is nearly   ninety three years old
yet he still thinks   yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
coat usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
what do you think Sophie?
father disappearing over the edge   can't you
remembering those group of words   after yes   some minutes later
                                                                                
