um just when you were growing up    
funny   something funny that happened to us  
oh I can remember when I was at
school   um we went to girls high school . and we were in the new block . and on the outside of the new block .
we had windows and then we had a parapit . and a couple of the girls got out . onto the parapit and then our teacher came   .
and of course they couldn't get in again and we were just having kittens with these two . sitting out there peeping around the  
the window . to see if the teacher would see them .   yeah that's one funny . thing that I recall  
she was it was a biology teacher and her name was Miss Burns and she was the dearest lady ever . lived .   she was just the
such a lovely lady and we were just afraid that . they'd get caught on the parapit .
I had a piece of toast and two cups of coffee .
well usually it's a piece of toast and two cups of coffee   and I have . er . marmalade on my toast  
yes thank you .
we just need you to read it out loud there it's not a test of your reading skill so if you want to have a look at it first that's fine
but um let me know when you're ready to read it out loud there    
oh I think I can manage to   do that yes   okay  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well . he is nearly ninety three years old .
yes he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frotck . coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him . a pronounced feeling of the   utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest . upon a small organ
except in winter when the snow or ice prevents . he . slowly takes a short walk . in the open air each day .
we often urge him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
oh I hope so  
um . I really haven't found any of them hard yet .
                                                                                
