I hate these sort of   things . I've always been amazed about people who can remember or the worst day in your life . or or whatever
because I I'm er my mind has always a blank about things like . that . um . you haven't got another topic?
oh . um . okay um . that broadens it a little bit doesn't it er yeah   well I'll tell you about my grandfather .   yes
so my grandfather we're my grandfather and grandmother came . out from England to take us out of the orphanage
seeing my father wasn't doing the considerate thing after four or five years of getting married and providing us with a new step mother .
so they came out and and of course they were I was . so we left the orphanage on the twenty second of . December nineteen forty six .
and um . these were two totally new people to us we'd never seen them before . and um . grandad . was a lovely kind man but there were times when .
he was . he'd brush you away almost physically away . so we learnt . to sort of um   put up feelers I suppose um before we went to grandad
um I remember one time he showed me how to plant parsnips he got his um . er . papers for his cigarettes . and he'd put three seeds in one
because apparently they don't have a high germination rate . so . that was the first time I'd heard the word germination .
with regard to seeds . and um . he would be very kind and he   he would he bought a totally different aspect to us
gran of course just you know . was doing the housework and . and trying to run . three . grandchildren and her . um .
away with the fairies at times son . and her as it turned out . as we didn't find out until . years after grandad died which he did when I was eight .
that he was an alcoholic . and the reason why . we had to put feelers was because he was on a bender and we didn't even recognise the   smell
so when grandad had been on a bender well was . er that . he was . er a completely different man .   and um .
I've often thought that . and when I was a social worker about kids who have to put up feelers around .
um peculiar members of their   family or dysfunctional members of their family then it kind of helped me to .
to be able to . talk with them . about such things you know   that were because I mean most of the time grandad was fine .
you know   um do you want me to keep on talking about this   .
alright
I had my own home made muesli which has got twelve different things cos I have a policy of thinking that . um they don't really totally know about food
so if I try to eat as many things varieties of things in a day   that I can . I try to get to twenty five different foods .
things   er in a day . including water of course and coffee . and wine .
and I had um I had a big . mug of tea
I'm fine
that's fine but when you're ready you can read that out loud  
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well . he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever good on him . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice a day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ . except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day . we have often urged him to   . walk more and smoke less . but he always answers
banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language . in his language .   banana oil
and she's like oh she's like my grandad says that all the time .   so it must be an American thing  
presumably a Jewish thing .
mmm hmm mmm
um     probably the drawing .
                                                                                
