lots of funny things   happened I'm trying to select one . while I was growing up   well .
in that case I won't tell you what happened to me I'll tell you my brother's
at this stage we were living in Kaikoura .   and we were going to the convent school . and on the way there were apple trees .
and .   my brothers made a point of hopping over the fence and stealing apples . somebody saw them . reported it to the convent who reported it to the
priest   who laughed . and said . so did I when I was a boy . .
um . in that particular incident I don't know . I know the nuns mortified . and expected the boys probably to get a heck of a hiding
but they didn't the dear old priest saw the funny   side of it
  growing up in New Zealand . um it was quite idyllic . I'll tell you another thing though .   I used to have .
overseas students . you know I   was a homestay mother . and we had this lovely girl came to stay from Japan  
sorry she was from China actually . and um . she hadn't been with us very long when we took her camping .
so we were somewhere way up the back of Tekapo .   and um . so we had an ordinary . camping . weekend . and .
  afterwards   I said to her how did you like that? you know what was different? .
and she said oh . she'd never eaten cold food . we'd have had cereal of breakfast       and um she'd never climbed a hill  
she'd never slept in a sleeping bag or a tent .   and she had never gone to the toilet . behind a tree  
. and I couldn't believe .   she'd never climbed a hill     she was from a big city in Northern China  
no that I think is funny    
toast . and marmalade .
toast and bacon
yes
  just let me know when you're ready to read it out loud  
mmhmm
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short   . walk . in the open air each day .
we have often   . urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yes
the drawing
                                                                                
