something funny . hmm that happened to me    
you've caught me on the hop there   . something funny that happened to me   I mean I always remember my mother
telling me when I was a little kid . in the house . she left me in the room with those bunch of toitois .   those white things   .
and I got into them . and when she came back there was John . all these     things fluttering around the room he'd
pulled them all apart and he was . and that was always told to us   it was a family joke   and there I was as a baby or
 ting up with all these . toitois floating around the room . and she always told this joke to everybody   oh dear
oh two pieces of toast and a cup of tea? .
that . plus usually cereal but I didn't so this morning I was lazy . porridge is always nice or weetbix .   toast and a cup of tea .
I try to have that tea .   and then coffee later .   cos it's supposed to be good for you a  cup of tea . mmm  
  and I never skip breakfast
mmm .
say again  
yes I'm   feeling good   thank you
I'm         stretched about that um . something funny must've been lotsa things happened that's funny   to me .
and I could probably tell you many but it's just .
caught me on the hop
yes
yes .
um if you could read that passage for me um it's not a test of your reading skill so if you want to have a look at it
first that's  
so it's for voice?   is it?   mmhmm     when you're ready?
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well . he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ . except in the winter when the   snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a walk in the open air each day . we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yes
yip that's fine . good  
probably the drawing of that um shape .
because I didn't complete it
there were some lines . missed . mmm
                                                                                
