ah yes  
does everyone start with ah .
ah     
one that I remember . pretty distinctly um I was I think about .
eight or nine and we had .
we lived on a farm and um we had .
two puppies there was a . a farm dog   that . that
herded the . cows in  
and the dog had pups and my brother and I were allowed to keep a pup each
so . we . kept these pups and spoilt them rotten .
um and       
  I'm sure it was my brother now I must have been older than eight or nine cos he was driving a jeep
he was we had a jeep on the farm as well  
um and he backed the jeep out of a . garage and . accidentally . knocked .
went over one of these pups   but didn't kill it .
um and it was lying there thrashing round on the ground and my father brought out a .
a slasher to . hit it on the head .
and I was ah I remember saying   no no he might be all right   but he wasn't .
  well yes that was a childhood memory
Interviewer  oh no wonder you remembered that yeah
not a very good one but
we recently went up .
up north where the farm was it was in Manu just out of Whangarei
and walked round the back of that farm and I remember telling my sister she was with me at the time . she had .
was quite a bit younger .   and she .
didn't really know what had happened or how   it had happened .
and I remember telling her walking round the back of the farm   .
and she sort of commiserated said what an awful memory to have of this place  
Interviewer  I think it's probably
so
Interviewer  it   would have stuck there because it was obviously . something traumatic . yeah
I'm . sorry . it's . yes it's   not a nice memory but I I
I have got better memories than that   but that was the one that sprung to mind
Interviewer  I think you tend to remember the really good things . or the not so good things  
and most of the . ordinary stuff in the middle   you don't remember
  apart from sometimes you do remember the most . bizarre things in .
in total detail
yes . most most
Interviewer  peculiar things yeah
peculiar things . especially then
where it because we spent a bit of time the . the .
you know part of the farm is still   kept as a reserve   and we spent quite a bit of time wandering around there .
and   it was only three weeks ago too so .   you know .
there were a few things that came out then   yeah
Interviewer  I um . yeah it's funny the things I remember I remember several funerals when I was younger  
so   something about them   must have stuck in my head that's the earliest memory I have was at .
a certain amount of funerals yeah
going to funerals
Interviewer  but yeah   that's was the . that's the thing that stuck cos it must have been . because it was very sad   so it   it stayed in there
cool thank you . um what did you have for breakfast?
this morning? oh yoghurt toast   . um .
lemon drink . coffee   ah . that was it
Interviewer  cool um and what do you like best for breakfast  
well sort of that really unless you're going to have a very fancy breakfast where you can have croissants and
Interviewer  yeah so that would  
so like salmon or
eggs benedict or   or something like that   but we don't
have that at home very much   .
Interviewer  .   go out and get somebody else to cook that for you
you keep that for a special occasion . yes yes
Interviewer  that the   nicest thing about it
. they make it better too
Interviewer  you've got it all there . and you don't have to make it   that's the best part .
um yeah so . cool so we're nearly finished actually um are you okay?
oh yes  
Interviewer  cool um   so . basically the last thing we need to do .  
