ah   my brother getting married and   ah sailing out from Lyttleton on . I can't remember the name of the boat . to Canada
  it was
but I didn't see him again for years  
ah . well actually the wedding . I wasn't allowed to go to . because . when was that nineteen forty   eight .
ah there was a . an infantile paralysis which is now called polio
  um scare at the time and children weren't allowed to go .
  I   I was eight going on for nine so . ah children weren't allowed to go to .
um big gatherings like a wedding  
ah there's seven in   my family um most of them are dead now . um I'm the youngest  
ah quite a few years behind the next one to me . ah . and my eldest sister was twenty years older . than me so it . covers quite a bit
ah   yes when I was growing up    there was my brother .
two brothers in the house as well the rest were sort of ah . spread out going to work . things like that . ah . yeah
  fairly ordinary childhood I loved my eldest brother he was away in the airforce and I didn't see him til I was probably about two .
two and a half three when he came home   and I loved and revered him but he was the one that went to Canada  
and I didn't see him again . ah from nine years old . there was a big um .
there was a big gathering of the family and I thought it was my birthday party
and then I found out it wasn't at all it was them going and ah I can remember the streamers from the boat  
ah I was taken to Lyttleton and I remember the streamers from the boat and everything and I thought it was quite exciting .
and they sailed away and I didn't see my brother again until   um   . it would be about  
eighty nineteen eighty five I think   so that was a long . it was forty
forty years . oh
it was lovely to see them   him and wis wife asnd their daughter and ah and then of course they took off .
so nineteen ninety one we went over to Canada my husband and I . went over to Canada and um .
had a look around lived   stayed with them a few . bout . a week and a half we stayed with them .
and we were over there actually for six weeks .
and we stayed at Vancouver and ah . had a good look around . and went for a um a bus trip around the Rockies and everything it was marvellous   .
and yes the rest of my family um . my eldest sister and I had a lot to do with each other she lived ah down in .
in Milton for quite a few years . and the last few years I used to go down there as often as I could .
weekends and things and ah time off from work to . to ah help her with different things cos she . yeah she died in nineteen .
ninety nine   . ah . didn't see a great deal of . my brother . Charlie . um .
he was sort of away from home and he was chief surveyor down at the ah . Ministry of works . um .
my other sister I didn't see a lot . of her really because I didn't like her husband very much   . .
we've reached the end of the recording have we ?  
oh and ah   yeah and what else
ah what did you have for breakfast ?  
ah two Ryvita biscuits with um . a little bit of a sandwich spread on them .
oh and coffee
nice nice and what do you like best for breakfast ?  
well trying to lose weight that's about one of the things I like
and sometimes I have ah yes I do up some rolled oats sometimes for myself but that's my main my main breakfast because   I've gotta .
keep the weight down and try and lose some more
yeah I'm fine   yeah .
it's quite fun actually
