war
I was in London during the war   and I . was evacuated I   well in the last year    
but after the battle of Britain .   so I experienced a lot of bombing and um . gunfire  
your grandparents ?  
am I that old ?
  so she had to they   her whole family had to change their names and . and   hide because they were on
Hitler's extermination list so . whenever the German planes would come over . she was very fiesty cos she was a gypsy I think .
but she would come out of her shelter and shake her fist at them and then go back in . um so she was quite funny but um .
yeah no it sounded   we used to hear the stories and it was pretty pretty atrocious .so how how old would you have been ?
I was seven when the war finished
it   wasn't atrocious for me ah . it was atrocious   in retrospect but at the time that's   the only life you know  
and so you don't compare it with a better life     however I I suffered very badly from bronchitis and um
various other things because . often we'd be sitting in the cold celler   as a as a   ah air raid shelter .
people would be smoking   it was damp . cold . terrible conditions really   or in an underground station      yeah .
so it wasn't it wasn't the best and I think that's partly why . one of the reasons I'm deaf   because of ah .
um bomb blasts and um     infections  
um that she couldn't get . medical attention very quickly   um and she was in a cellar and it was cold and damp and .
all those sort of things so . yeah I I can imagine that the whole process of that .
and just the . even though it's what you knew you know the anxiety of that must have had some sort of effect . um .
but I used to get um .   very bad tonsilitis   my tonsils would would um grow to such an extent that I couldn't swallow and I couldn't um
I could hardly breathe .   sometimes   . so ah it   it was um a bit traumatic
my father   was a sub mariner .
a sub mariner     he was a sailor who went on submarines   . and . I didn't see very much of him . because of the war   . um    
I have a half brother   my parents . were divorced .   after the war   . and ah . my father remarried and I have a half brother Peter .
ah I no longer have contact with . um . any of my family   . I've been back but they've all vanished  
I think they moved onto a better life though they probably . found nicer houses to live in and . and so on  
but I lost touch when I went to Canada     um . my family .
ah   I have two daughters . um   who are completely opposite one of them is um .
very serious and . the other one is completely frivolous . one of them . the serious one .
is   very successful   in whatever she does   . and . the frivolous one is . she's successful in her own way   but um  
she's very impetuous   . my . eldest daughter the one who is very successful .   is very much like me   . and .
my youngest daughter is very much like   um     their mother     not my present wife  
  that wife um died mm . three or four years ago    
but it was actually ah a blessing for her because she had had a very bad stroke      and her life wasn't very good      
and um . my other sister's just like my mother . um and then the one in the middle's kind of .
not like either
like milkman perhaps
like the milkman
exact same eyes exact same chin exact same nose and .   so she she's definitely his but um . she's very . impetuous and  
do you get on ?
and um so
  towards
you
um so she's all very
  children are dreadful
like that
some beef with their parents but um .
yeah she she's I grew   grew out of that . you know I grew up and realised that . you know your parents are are people too
so they're allowed to . yeah exactly and I think um as children
mm and they have failings they're allowed to fail
they're you know gods in your eyes and then it's
you need to you know grow up and realise that they're just people and they are allowed to make mistakes but I don't think she's grown up
um she's older cos I'm the I'm the youngest but she's she's . she is grown up but she hasn't grown up in that respect .
  and I don't know if it's um . it may not be something she'll learn until she has her own children . and then she'll realise that she has .
failings as well . um that she her   her children are going o get grumpy at her for .
um but yeah so we sometimes yeah don't get along cos she's quite mean to my mum .
yeah my older daughter's   I've actually she's a perfectionist and   she doesn't like failure   and she doesn't like failure in other people
much . you know up here and only me a whole foot doen   which is
good and bad so I'm my own worst critic but um yeah some people who .
can be very perfectionist like . don't like failure in other people as well and that's when it gets . to be . hard   .
um . cos everybody has failings   yeah .
you hope what you try and do is minimise them
so what did you have for breakfast ?    
ah porridge made of oat bran and sultanas . and a cup of tea before that   and um .
toast and homemade marmalade   homemade toast as a matter of fact  
oh um . wholemeal with ah   some oat bran in it .   I   I make it   well we have a bread machine and ah   .
ah real coffee    
really
which is a shame because I love I love the smell of coffee and I would love to be a coffee person I'm really . envious of people that .
you know they go out for coffee and they sit there with their .
really niice cup of coffee and they love it   and they . love everything about it and I .
sit there with my . hot chocolate which is still good but .
    coffee has replaced the cigarette I think .   coffee has replaced the cigarette .
but people people used to     have a break   and a cigarette was symbolic of it   and now of course   the coffee is  
my whole generation I don't know . anyone that smokes .
I'm     surprised when I see people smoking
we've gotten off topic what do you like best for breakfast is what you described what you like best ?    
well I particularly like this batch of marmalade   because it tastes very orangey   um       it it's different every time  
or . what can I go without ?   
yeah I think I think the toast and marmalade    
