  
yeah yeah you could
which one . right  
during the war . old fellas always talk about the war don't they . during the war . ah when I was . very young  
ah . and the blitz was on   and during the day there   there weren't many . ah attacks coming through .
ah planes didn't fly over they came . at night generally . but this particular time I was out in the street .
and ah all of a sudden .   all the mothers were screaming their heads off and . shouting at the kids to come to somewhere  
ah come in of course but it wouldn't have done much good cos there was a landmine . it was   it was on a .
a parachute . you know   it was just sinking down over our   it was coming down over our street   and .
the   women were going beserk you know . of course . and   all of a sudden a   a gust of wind . got inside the parachute and took it .
three miles . away    
well it's a funny thing to think of isn't it   we were saved but where did it go   so it's ah it's pretty .
 
you don't forget those things  
yeah more for the mothers than for us  
ah I had toast and ah honey and . green tea .  
um I like a good muesli   mm  
finally we've just got this this passage for you to read  
now it's not a test of reading skill so feel free to take your time and when you're ready if you'd just read that aloud for me     
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk to the open in the open air each day .
we have often   urged him to walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers banana oil grandfather likes to be modern in his language
yeah I think so
the   that   um remembering the words of ah   what you said   yip
                                                                                
