mm    
yes   ah   in our school at Ngatea we had to cross a drain to get in over the
bankment into the Piako river into the pontoon to swim   and one
day I wasn't going   able   going over to swim but I crossed . over the   over the .
the ditch   the drain and I fell in .
and the water was in high up because the tide was in   cos we were going swimming so I had to walk home .
which was no trouble and I had to change clothes and I went back to school .
in the afternoon barefooted  
and I looked along the line and I thought I'm the same as everybody else
and it was a big thrill to see me barefooted at school with all the other kids   .
that was a wonderful moment never forget it   .
  you kinda get there's a it's a different feel in the North Island than to the South Island   there's a lot more of that sort of thing I think
um . w always used to have you know I always miss the the hard case Maori kids that usd to you know you miss them cos they're so funny and .
um you know . telling jokes and laughing all the time and . I I think I miss that about the North Island is that there's always the you know .
these wonderful big groups of . Maori women cackling away as they're having their morning tea and stuff . it's always good I love going home
all right so can you tell me a little bit about your family ?  
  my family I have two sisters   . one lives in Whangarei one lives in  
Waihi beach   near the sea   and overlooking the ah harbour at Ethenry
it's lovely there   and three weeks after the earthquake I went up there for ten days and cleared my head   it had become addled  
and I looked it up in the dictionary that was the right word   it was addled but I cleared it
mm and I love um what am I meant to be telling you about   anything   so that was lovely <yip
and we oh yes and it was the beginning of the school holidays
and they were running tours and doing all sorts of exciting things and I had a tour a complete tour of the new goldmine  
having been brought up through school at Waihi   which was opposite Martha hill   and we had to
plan during the war to get into the bunker   if there was an air raid   or whatever  
this time there was no hill but there's a great hollow   and they've made the mines  
open cast as well as underground   and I didn't realise they had the two   we saw the whole workings it was
quite extraordinary   and it's owned of course by Australians so I said to the driver I said
tell me how much do we get no how much does Australia get   for running this because they're taking over
he looked at me in the eye and said we get ninety one cents in the dollar   I said we do ?
  he said yes we do   because .
um and he said it's made the world of difference to the .
  community   there's work there's
money   we give scholarships to the secondary schools we do this that and the other and I thought well this is
pretty good isn't it   and the environment is quite undamaged because they've
got their tailings on slopes   their   they're they're grassing it
  they're going to graze it it's all purified   a lake there that's pure water they're  
very very thorough   I was impressed I thought I'll support   Brownlee now  
because that's his the Coromandel   and it is um it's extraordinarily well done  
full marks to them
much better than they used to do it     and still and still do things but people have just got to .
be told that they have to do it that way  
brings another childhood memory back   I was cycling along a certain street and a little old . um .
train that used to take the rubbish through to   to Waikino and I was
my   I was going to a music lesson my mind was blank .
thinking about this that and the other
and I suddenly I was nearly on the line and I heard toot toot toot and I stopped just in the nick of
    I didn't hear it coming and I was out of it that moment   isn't that funny how that can happen ?  
brought me up with a shock
thd mind is an incredible thing   . you can
we can lapse and I did lapse then  
mm it was a lapse   cos I was . my mind was completely blank as far as the train came   .
I have porridge with yoghurt and I had some peaches  
  and I don't always I usually have toast but I'd been up early this morning   and I'd had two pieces of bread and honey cos   I didn't
eat much last night my my diet is all haywire still   cos I have had . all of these troubles  
and I eat small quantities   . and I had a couple of white bread after the porridge and a cup of tea .   .
gotta you gotta be nourished  
I'm yes I've got   not much energy at this stage I've got to do something about that  
  but during that time much of that time I was using ensure plus you probably haven't heard of it
you wouldn't because it's for old people and invalids and I'm neither
  but I was having tins of that up to three to four tins a day   towards the end when I couldn't eat  
and that . kept me nourished   people didn't ever know that I wasn't well   just you might have lost a bit of weight but that
does   that's even not very noticeable
you've got to have it
  and it's complete it's got a   those tins of ensure plus have got balanced nutrients   and that kept me going  
you get it's the nutrients that are important
  having taught home economics  
porridge   it'll be muesli in the summer    
yes  
