early childhood memory
oh . well I can remember um     god it's been a while .
um I can   I can remember um getting a . a a   a badge .
for being a very good little girl .
with my homework when I was seven   . and it was really hard for me to get it .
because I was a real talker .   and so even if I did good work .
it was always taken away from me and so   anyway the thing is I got this .
blue ribbon with ah the Virgin Mary on it . and a   .
I was so happy that I jumped up on the . on the desk .
and I yahooed .
and it was taken away from me  
and I told my father . and he said life's not fair  
it's a  
fair   . can you tell me a little bit more about your family .
about my family   . um . ah my dad I've got a .
my dad is dead he was born in nineteen hundreds so he's definately dead  
and my mother was nineteen years younger she died two years ago .
George and Georgette . and I had a brother Demetri .
and um I married I have three sons . and um .
my family . my parents have been very important to me   specially my father
  because he had a lot of . life experience   and some of it wasn't great .
and he was very compassionate and a great one . to listen .
  to hear and listen to my . burblings when I was a teenager  
I'm very much more like my father
all of his siblings call him the professor .
yes
um my sisters are more like my mum .   yeah is a little bit sillier which is
in a good way     but then I tend to be a little bit
my mother was in her head
my father was . in both  
in both you know
. ah yeah he wasn't black and white   but my mother was more black and white  
mind you she didn't have the experience of life that he had   so he could relax .
  about a lot of things   yeah .
um . well she was she was really losing it um     for five years  
and I kept her in her house
which meant   I was at her house every day seven days a week at ten o'clock
  other wise she would catch the bus and get lost
and then when it got really bad after five years keeping her in the house she went to a home
for about . three years   . and then I visited her twice a day seven days a week
it was about four four hours a day really   yeah   so
I think um that's the that's the hardest thing about dementia   I think is
um that's it's not   not only hard for the people person who's experiencing it
but it's so much   it's really hard on the people that are left behind  
um and I think that's why um . it's it is such a problem that's why we .
you know you gotta put all this effort into trying to figure out what's going on
  which is what we do here
mmm   it's a it's a running it runs in my family
so it's kind of I feel as if the . the moving finger is well and truely  
cos   my mother on my mother's side
um her her   her father .   her . two sisters . and . my mother
well they did  
well they   they did   they had my mother died on her eighty .
  um yeah eighty nineth birthday   .
um   her other sister  
who had dementia she died ah she would have been in mid seventies eighties  
  yeah and I think her father died when he was seventy five .   but   you know
they didn't know what is was but he also had cancer as well   mmm
that's happening more and more is just now that everyone's living so much
so much longer
it's almost becoming   almost . wouldn't say this with that much confidence but
it's almost becoming more like normal aging you know if you live
long enough that these problems do   but um   .
I don't think they really know what's going on  
that's the best bet type thing   ok thank you .
um   what did you have for breakfast .
I had muesli All Bran . and cup of tea and my um Prozac .
what do you like best for breakfast .
I don't like breakfast
no   I don't like breakfast that's brought to me in bed by my husband  
because I I have to take . these tablets and um . I would take them on a empty stomach
  and so .   na it breakfast is no tmy favourite .
  um . but it yeah I eat it . um .     you know it's not a pretty sight .
  it's like it's a . it's a chore   yeah .
so I get excited about breakfast   but then it's never as exciting
as I think it's going to be cos it's always just the same and   .
I can never be bothered cooking it .   cooking a hot breakfast but when I do I  
. glad that I do   . ok . so we're nearly finished   are you ok  
