early   oh I've got heaps of early   childhood memories   yeah .
yeah the the first one I must have been about four . and um
I remember my little . cot or bed .
was in the kitchen because that must have been the warmest
place   at the time must have been in the winter time .
and I had a terrible terrible terrible tummy ache .
and the doctor . we lived in the south of Holland close to the Belgium
boarder   and the doctor had to come from Belgium  
across the river   on his bike to us I never now how he was contacted
because nobody had a telephone but some how . anyway the doctor was there .
and then the next thing I know I was . put into a black .
taxi . car .   and weren't many taxis or cars in the village   in those days .
and I was taken to the hospital .   and . then
the other thing I remember is that I was in a room .
and there were glass bottles . whether they were for urine samples or what ever can't remember
. and then after that I was put . in . on one of the wards .
and there were beds in a row . and . across from me . was .
a little boy and he had his leg sort of .
you know how they used to   put the legs up that's how
and . ah . and he died   . and then the other thing and the hospital was run by nuns
  and one of the   one of the nuns was Sister . oh . Sister .
Paunsay . because quite often nuns had sort of French   French names .
and ah the other thing I must have been getting better then because .
there was a little girl next to me in the bed and on the other side
was a boy the little girl had a doll . and some how .
I or   or the boy got hold of it .   and we were throwing the doll  
the doll across . and then Sister Paunsay came and she smacked our bottoms .
and then when I was better oh that's right and one of the things that my parents always told me
  they didn't come and visit me cos it was during the war  
didn't come and visit me very often and if they  
came I must have been angry with them and   turned my back
to them   and I didn't talk to them yeah   .
and . then I remember when one of my aunties my godmother she came when I was going home
she came . and she .
I can still remember walking down a long long long long long tiled corridor .
and then I got home . and   oh that's right and I
but my mother tells me that I can't     taught me that .
I went upstairs and I always was I was always playing outside with the boys
  and then they were playing in the street and I   opened the window and I called out
I called out . I'm back   you know so you see and then visitors of
ah family .   and neighbours came to visit and see me and one of them gave me a .
a black doll . and it had ah . not .
it had a paper mache face   yeah yeah .
and I played with it and I left it outside and   we had a so my father
build the summer what we used to call use call a summer house
but it was really sort of wisteria you know and anyway it rained .
and of course in the morning the face   was gone wasn't it yeah
I   I   someone said to me you should write things down because
I remember an awful lot about the war   and how .
adventurous it was for us as little   kids   yeah
no that must have been dreadful
but we had we had and I lived in the village and .
were we lived there were lots of
orchards and fields   so we had all the freedom in the world
  and parents well my mother must have been so busy doing you know looking after after us
. and er . yeah so we had all the freedom in the world and we did things that were not so
not so . not so safe really   .
mmm   it was  
what did I have for breakfast oh my husband always makes me breakfast and he made me  
rice porridge and then I had a cottage cheese sandwich   .
and then I had a cup of water hot water and a cup of coffee
cook breakfast every morning   always did   .
ok so is that what you like best for breakfast  
ah I   I'm a I'm a very much a creature of habit yes  
sometimes it's porridge for a long long time   and then it's . what ever .
am I ok yeah yeah yes
