I used to . steal . dog biscuits . um through a slat fence .
the dog was fed on the other side of the . pet garden fence . um by the next door neighbour . and ah .
I used to reach through and pinch the biscuits and munch them on my side .
ah of the fence um with impunity until one day the instead of   standing around and barking at me through the fence
ah as previously the dog headed off . down to the bottom of the garden . and .
to my horror I saw that the bottom of one of the palings was broken off and there was a hole and the dog knew all about it .
and came at me with a rush and I . ran for my life . to . towards the house and scrambled in through .
an window which . fortunately was open because it was the middle of summer .
and that's
ah the family I come from or the family that   I've I've made
the family I've come from um . well as I mentioned before there were six of us children   . ah there's my .
ah . eldest one Sheila . who is the matriach of the family now still . ah still alive and . the .
yeah the lynchpin of the whole family .
sh's a widow now but she lives by herself um in the house that she shared with her husband . and her children .
two of the children live in walking distance of her and keep an eye on her .
. um . the next eldest was Robert . Robert was an artist he taught at the Royal College of Art . sculptor .
um . Robert . died towards the end of last year . the first of us to go . um  
the . next one was Brian Brian was a . Wing Commander in the air force . ah he's retired now lives in the new forest .
um   ah in a beautiful . home living a really quiet life . the next child was Jean
Jean . was a beauty . still is ah still a a knock out . um . and  
Jean . had the good sense to have all daughters and all her daughters are beautiful so she's . she's got what .
ah she's got five . five daughters . um and they're lovely  
I'm the next in order I'm there and below me there's . Mack Malcolm is really his name .
Mack is three years younger than me ah he's now retired ah lives in the Cotswolds . in England half of the year . excuse me
um . and the other half the year he spends in Perth Australia   . ah they emigrated to Australia on a scheme he and his wife .
um and she got homesick   at the end of two years   and so they broke .
their bond   and returned to England and . now they can't go back permanently .
to Australia although they own a house there .   so he goes for what Australian law will allow half the year .
and then back to the Cotswolds which is a very expensive way of living to fly backwards and forwards   every year .
ah so that's who we are . um . my children ah . I had five children my . my first wife . um   
Christian's the eldest he ah . teaches ah at . ah the Tech . ah he teaches art um    
and ah . he he's married lives in Lyttleton in the old . convent there . um .
and he has one precious little son um . who is the light of their lives . ah .
after Christian . comes Michael Michael   dropped out of the family for two or three years when he became involved with .
ah a church that cast out ah non . members um so he didn't . speak to us or contact us . for years um  
until they there was a an internal revolution .   ah in the church and things returned to a more normal basis   um when he .
immediately contacted us again he'd missed us .   um .
in the meantime he had ah picked up a wife . chosen for him by the church .   and ah . he's had .
by the time he came back into our lives he had two . daughters . now he's got a son .
ah as well so . ah it's a working marriage anyway . um   after him is .
Malcolm or Callum Callum . is in   ah England now but he lived a lot of his life in Eastern Europe . he was in Hungary for .
I don't know how many years   um . speaks Hungarian like a Hungarian . um. but he . speaks Czech and Slovak as well  
can get by in German he's obviously .   another linguist yip . yip . oh he's a he's a business man now he's um  
after doing various things working for record companies and this and that .   um . and after yeah after all his years in Hungary and   .
a year maybe two years in Romania where his . wife was born . um   
but that wasn't looking very promising on the business front . they went over um . and they
a friend of his from the old Hungarian days . um has got a a business . recently set up in in . ah London .
and ah he put . Callum in charge of it and ah . he is now the   fully fledged business man ah . very efficient . um . I  
a very caring son um . he's the furthest from me but he's the one who  
keeps in touch most I think ah Michael Michael comes round every . second Sunday or something um he's lovely .
um  
so that's those were the boys and then we had two girls . Katrina   ah Katrina    
trained as an Orientalist couldn't get a job as an Orientalist
so she . works ah in the university up in Auckland in ah . tutoring . and she she writes . um .
language exercise she's a . Japanese speaker . um   
and an ah anthropology major too   um   and  
so she's up there she has a little girl um she she's married at last . ah it's a beautiful little girl .
ah very talented . um   
and . then there was the the tail end of my family who is Fiona  
Fiona and her mother didn't hit it off   and ah   . she has gradually .
drifted away from the the main line of the . the family   it's got to the the point where . um .
we make a date to meet sort of twice a year for a catch up   she's in Christchurch . um
but she is is in Christchurch I'm out at South Brighton and we just . our paths don't cross .
ah the other children ah I bump into in Christchurch occasionally .
um and ah   there's no there's no war going on but ah . she's .
she doesn't feel like part of the . bunch and I'm afraid it was her mother that made her feel that way
  she was the odd one out   yip .
um so those those are mine and then there's my two inherited ones from my second wife  
um when we got married she had a a son . Anton and a daughter Sam .   um .
they are . in middle age now um where they were Sam was . this big when we married um . Sam's the one
who has Hepatitis C   .
ah Anton lives round the corner from his mother . um .
and . is . a very staunch supporter . um and um belatedly . ah . Anton and his tiny wife .
Anton is sort of six foot three   and has a tiny wife   . pretty um .
so . yeah . they have ah one son who is a bit hyperactive but ah . the apple of their eye
ah so that's that's who we are we tend to run to families   um . though . Christian and ah Katrina were late starters  
ah I had     first   Greek yoghurt  
with a spoonfull of raspberry jam stirred into it  
and then I had ah a bowl of black cherries   ah with some cream on and they I treat myself to these because I am . um   
yeah I'm having a word space here     
yeah ah this is what happens and .    ah it's exasperating     
gout   . I am . prone to gout   and I've got acid blood   acid body   . um .   I like military .
watch straps leather ones   but they rot on me in a year   so I'm have to use metal
um and yeah the the gout goes with that ah and cherries are one of the things that   yeah so . well I'm
we're just coming into cherry season in this country now   so um that'll be all right but yes I ah . I do .
try to keep it at bay  
um  
I think it is yeah  
it is ah pretty much ah weekends we feel we ought to mark weekends so we drink Italian coffee instead of .
Auzzie coffee in the weekends and then I might have bacon and eggs   . ah bacon and mushrooms or
something like that   just to mark the
the occasion yeah that's right
I celebrate when it's the weekend um so we're nearly finished   are you okay
yeah I'm good
