ah the . one of my very earliest memories was ah when I was attending started to go to I think nursery school .
I can recall my mother vaguely at the age of three . and I can   recall my mother saying you go to school today  
and the next thing I remember . was in my mother's arms screaming my head off cos I don't wanna go .
and after that the next thing I remember then was waking up in one of those little cots stretcher cots   .
and ah then playing in a sand pit and that was that's it   and that's about the age of three so it's obviously stuck in there somewhere .
ah I suppose because um it's   it was quite a big move I was leaving home I suppose  
    mum's protection too
mm probably something like that  
ah just a bit of fruit and um . bran some bran that was it so I drank a   a cup of coffee as well and that was it   .
I have the same thing just about every morning bran fruit and occasionally a slice of toast as well   . coffee . and that's it  
yeah good as gold yeah
let me know when you're ready to read it aloud  
:   
I'll give it a go now if you like   .
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever  
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually   usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his skin his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of . the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow is   or ice prevents him   prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
oh good as gold yes no worries . wasn't pulling me hair out
the drawing of the .     you know the um   yeah that's right     that would be the the hardest I couldn't do it anyway
and the rest of it was reasonably at least some of the numbers but I was losing the well the the word
generally ah it wasn't too bad  
                                                                                
