yes   when my grandmother died her her husband my grandfather they had a farm    
that left him on the farm . with nobody to run the house or anything and so . my parents and the four of us children .
went off and we went and lived on the farm . and this was at a place called Lagmhor  
and you'll all know where Lagmhor is   if you went over the
the bridge at Ashburton to Tinwald and turned right and went up the road about seven or eight miles you'd come to Lagmhor .
and so we four children there was my brother my sister me and my younger sister . we went to the Lagmhor school .
and I did very well at that school . I topped my class in every subject  
I was the only one in it mind you it was a one teacher school during the war years
with a young girl of about nineteen straight out of training college . to look after this . one teacher school .
with   with about . sixteen   pupils   well.
this particular day and   if it was blowing very hard we had about four or five miles to go .
and if it was blowing very hard we wouldn't bike we would get Violet the drafthorse
and she just had a bit of rope round her neck . we'd all get on here elder brother sister
then my younger sister and me on the bareback of Violet and trot down the road to school slide off when we got there she'd much round in the
playground during the day and we'd climb on and go home at night .
so that was one of those things and the other thing that I can remember .   . this teacher  
it was just a one class room . with big windows that were on bars that you pulled a lever and they all opened or closed and there was only one door  
but she boarded with the . chairman of the school committee who had a farm just over the road well this particular day .
she annoyed this young boy who was a couple of years older than me  
so when he went out out that night after school . he locked the door and took the key home and hid it in the woolshed .
well the teacher didn't turn up for tea . so the head   the     the chairman .
came over the next morning oh well he came looking for her and found her and he got her out .
so the next morning he turned up at school when everybody was there .
and he asked " who locked miss so and so in the school last night ? " well of course none of us knew  
so he got us all to stand in a line   put your hand out
he took the belt off his trousers and down the line he went and strapped every hand out the little wee kids up to the big ones and down he went again .
put his belt on and justice was done  
  and that's as true as I'm sitting here
years and years later I was ah working in Wellington and my mate there was getting married 
and so Pat and I went to this wedding   and ah  
we stood up to come out from the church service and there was a chap behind me much older than me and I looked at him .
good gracious what are you doing here . to this fellow. and he said oh well
the bridegroom's mother is my sister and this was the fellow who was the chairman of the school committee . yes
main meal of the day breakfast .
I had three weetbix . half a banana . yoghurt . three . three corn fritters . two slices of toast and marmalade and a cuppa tea  
dare I ask you what you had for breakfast this morning ?
Third speaker: um two weetbix
a glass of water and a look around yip   and on the weekends it'll be bacon and egg .
