ah     oh I got got some that are not so happy but I
I gotta think about one that's happy now
um     oh . I suppose it would be going to my . grandmother's for .
  ah dinner on Sundays . and . having . plum pudding . with lashing of cream .
always remember   my grandad would put he'd put sugar on his
cream every single time  
and he probably had low cholesterol
yeah   always just stuck with us kids   as just bizarre  
ah right . cool . alright well thank you .   . ah what did you have for breakfast
this morning . I had rolled oats .
I had a cup of   not a cup I put it in the pot . and I put a . cup of water .
and I boil for about . ten minutes . and then I have .
three . put it on my huge plate   and then I have . three.
big spoons of . yogurt . and . a spoon of sugar . and . oh   and milk I put
milk with the porridge too when I finish it . and um .
yeah that's about   and and some fruit . but ah . yeah I have a good breakfast .
oats .   and oats
yeah .
I've had it for a fair while now .
  I used to have ten weet bix .   for years
for years and years I
  oh well there you go
unknown: he's a weet bix kid
yeah   I had a young guy working with us . and . he always liked to .
to better me so he had twenty one morning . and he didn't look good
afterwards . he had twenty
twenty weet bix   yeah
it can be eaten
. alrighty . excellent . ok so we're nearly finished
yeah
yeah I'm ok yeah
as long as you don't get harder
paragraph to read aloud .   so it's not a test of reading skills
so   feel free to read through it first if you like
but then if you read it out loud
cool
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses   himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him .
a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully .
and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
oh all done
yeah I   I don't
unknown: he was quite anxious about the whole thing weren't you
yeah I was
oh everyone does
come in a wee bit
and the and the problem
was I couldn't um . I I couldn't actually .   work on it before hand
we're   quite cruel I guess   but yes .   ah
ah so which test did you find the hardest
which .   oh . I spose trying to draw it no .
trying to get the words that I had said earlier on .
  um church I could've could say now church . daisy . ah .
yeah . a few of them . yeah .
                                                                                
