one time   and one time only in the orphanage .
I was for . eight years . we were able to play in the hay  
half way through the play . the matron came out .
and in . sent us inside   . so that was a happy sad one .
not at that age
not at that age
most unhappy childhood
oh ok . uh so um
they closed the orphanage
no no Palmerston North  
  Foxton Palmerston North it shifted .
ah yes   activities I thoroughly enjoyed that . ah shooting cadets .
particularly . um . didn't enjoy the teachers . we were very poor    
excepting the Principal who was absolutely brilliant
  but unfortunately he didn't teach all the time
he was brilliant in maths and ah actually I later I was able to
have special lessons from him in advanced trig and so on .
er that was . ah in Palmerston North . ah the technical which later became of course .
Queen Elizabeth Polytech    
I don't know wheather you felt that or not .
no
porridge
Scottish porridge    
Scottish porridge
oh I usually have er cup of coffee .
yes
right
you should have asked me . what's the happiest time in your life
but they haven't got this on this on I'm not sure why they want   to do a childhood thing .
um we're nearly finished . um could you . read this . passage please
it's not a test of reading skills so you might like to look at it first
let me know when you are ready to read it aloud .
that's alright
I'll read fast right the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing  
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers   . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
ok we're . done it went ok .
oh yes yeah .
ah oh the ah . word . recall .
ah after a period of time .
I knew that in advance .
                                                                                
