um     oh isn't that   terrible that I have to . think about it .   um    
I really don't know   don't know whether I had a . fantastically happy childhood .
oh I hated school   I hated school . I got home . the day my mother took me to school .
I got home   before she did     and I ran home . every day . and I would have run home every day of my life . at school .
I just hated   school . from the day I started til the day I left  
well I don't know a lot my mother died when I was . eleven . my father died when I was twelve   and . I lived with a number of different aunties
  and things so     my childhood's a bit of a blur . I have a . a yes I did have she died recently . um . a sister who's .
nine years older than me . um   who   we were not that terribly close   so um   I was born in Sumner .
went to the Sumner school . and then I went to the Redcliffs school . and then went to Papanui school  
so I had a . lot of different schooling
no .   by choice
well .
he's an   engineer yes . he's . he's sweet and kind and   frustrating   and he's in his eighties and at the moment .
is at the phase where he interferes in everything     I have a joke that I say to my friends that the times I go
towards him when he's asleep with a pillow in my hands . but I don't know what I'd get on if . how I'd get on if
anything happened to him he had a stroke about     oh fifteen months ago . and that was the most awful thing in my life
fine   brilliant .   mmm just   yeah
you don't know that at the time   and you think oh   oh
it was I mean he's this .   very good articulate man . great writer   he um . he's . he's the most .
amazing person   er . his speech went .
so he was talking absoutely gobbledy gook
but fortunately . it's   all come back and mmm   and the ability to   keep writing .
  he built hospitals so that's why we   went around . the all the cities cos .   and then he ended up  
being seconded to Victoria University
um . a weet bic   some yoghurt . and fruit . and toast  
that .
mmm  
yes fine .
