yes I'm not sure that it was . particularly . happy but my first memory is when I was about . two   and .
er . that was nineteen twenty six . during the miners . general strike in Britain . and the landlord thought we could no longer pay the rent
on the room . and we were kicked out   and I remember having to carry a . tin . with . the um . shoe brushes and boot polish across the road .
where we went to live in a room . er at a friend of ours  
so what the . in twenty eight .
no it was   twenty six   nineteen twenty six . and um . yeah we were there for a while and then we . rented er er another house
and so on and so fourth and we eventually bought a house .   and all the rest of it .
but it was a dire time . nineteen twenty six in Britain was . the bottom . you know
well it the it was the depression that went right through then into the thirties   of course until  
until er the war started to loom and then everything started to pick up .
okay next question . er what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
I had a .   bowl of um . er .   fresh fruit and . yoghurt . and . a bit of weetbix in it and a few nuts . and milk    
and that's about it I think . mmm   . oh and I had toast and toast and marmalade after that
and a banana
well that's . that's about the best in winter . er I make um porridge . er and um have that and . er a banana and er toast and marmalade and
tea of course . tea of course   .
yip .
so . feel free to look through it first if you'd like . er and when you're ready just read that aloud  
. who wrote this it must've been written a long time ago . the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he's nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him . a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect   twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
yeah
is that the   that's the finish?
oh probably the   remembering the . words   after a after a a time . um .    you know you've got to really associate  
                                                                                
