um . I remember coming back   in the . evening . just as sun was the sun was setting it was .
getting quite dark . and we were my brother and I'd been out too late on the farm . you know and we were coming back .
and then this ghost came it dropped sprung out of the . reeds .
and it was my mother dressed in a sheet but it was so funny we just laughed and laughed and laughed
but my mother did funny things like that .
no no we were walking together hand in hand my brother he wasn't very old .
farm   about living on the farm and things that you might have got up to with your brother .
oh we did all sorts of amazing things really . we had our toboggans that my father had made that he um
wooden ones that . we used to put candle grease one and then come hurtling down the slopes
and I was back there looking at the farm some years later and I looked at this hill and I thought
my goodness we were so brave cos we were only little and I wouldn't go up there and do it now .
but um no it was fun yes we had a lot of funny . good times
um my brother and I he came and visited me in . October last year and um we don't get on now .
we don't we really don't   he thinks he's my big brother cos he's male and he's a doctor and um .
so we have differences of opinion but it never mind . it's still nice that he comes and visits so yeah but
we were quite close when we were little .
I had bran and apples and a piece of   ah wholemeal toast
that sort of breakfast's fine . I like a decent sort of breakfast .
yes    
um have a wee look at it and then tell me when you're ready to read it out loud thank you
right ok the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully . and with   zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
yes .
oh that . copying that   um figure . that   . thing it was hopeless I'm not very good at doing that sort of thing
                                                                                
