about my earliest childhood memory?
um . I remember when I was about four that um .  lived in Gisbourne and er there were some workmen outside the fence digging a trench .
and we had um chickens . and I asked them if they'd um . er found any worms to throw the . the worms over the fence to the chickens
  um   I remember going to school there . also in Gisbourne . er starting school and er I had quite a long walk to get to school .
and um . there was a um . passing a . a big hedge . er . there was a dog in there that used to bark really savagely and it used to
frighten me and I used to cross over to the   other side of the street . er also remember at school that er quite often
I would have my lunch stolen from me by other students   and er end up with no lunch . um .
don't remember much about . er school itself . um .
from er Gisbourne um we moved to . um a short time to Porirua . and then down to Greymouth . and Westport . and um .
when my grandparents had fishing boats . and er I went to school there as well . um . the er we did a trip out on the fishing boat .
um one of the fishing boats from the Greymouth wharf . and it was very rough but er and I was very sick .
and um but after that I went to sleep . and er slept through most of the journey . which was um . er quite good .
what did you have for breakfast? .
today I had cereal .
sorry?
what would I like best? . um   probably I would like . something sweet . um   er I like porridge . yeah probably porridge
with cream on it  it
mmm hmm .
so you might like to look at it first just let me know when you're ready to read it out
yeah I'm . ready to read it
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is ninety nine .   er sorry he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of upmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small organ . except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a walk
a short walk . in the open air each day . we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
mmm hmm .
oh . um . probably drawing that er complicated figure .
                                                                                
