a happy childhood memory um . oh I don't know well I was brought up during the war and .
after a bomb we used to get on our bicycles and go out and look for
the shrapnel and I I thought that was quite fun at the time  
  well we .   we had .
we had no petrol during the war and our car was kept in the garage up on blocks so everywhere we went on bicycles .
and we used to go and visit my grandmother who lived a long way away  
and we always used to have to stop half way cos I was on my little bicycle with my
legs going round and round and round rather fast . and it was really .
an amazing distance . think back that I used to cycle the way over there and all the way back
my little sister went on the back of my . mother's bicycle   but um . yeah we bicycled big long distances  
so I didn't really know what it was like to go in a car for a few years .
  oh well we'd have lunch or something then have to bicycle all the way home again    
oh a happy one or any   any one  
oh well I'll tell you about the time I cut my leg . my the gardener gave me a plant . and my brother a plant
which were going to be ours and we wanted to put them in the cucumber frame which is .
like a lying down window on a box . and my brother carefully climbed up standing on the .
  on the wood frame . to put his plant in a the top which was open so I followed suit and I climbed up on the glass
. and of course I fell in and I have still to this day a wonderful scar down my leg where I cut it right open  
and the gardener was . horrifed and went up   and my mother was .
eight months pregnant and they were all afraid it would bring the baby on but   they rolled me up in a bath towel and
laid me on a bed and then the doctor came and a anesthtist came to the house  
and I was put to sleep and stiched up . and for several weeks I wasn't allowed to walk and the baby was born and I
felt I was being treated like another baby because I had to have a ride in the pram too
cereal and fruit . and a cup of tea .
well actually I rather like porridge for breakfast but I don't I'm not usually bothered to make it for myself
but all last week I had porridge for breakfast    
am I ok? . yes    
just let me know when you are ready to read it aloud    
.
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he's nearly ninety three years old . yet he thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter . when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language that's a new one on me  
mmm yeah are we still recording yeah
oh remembering that awful . thing reproducing the . that diagram
                                                                                
