for a few minutes . just talk about something from then .
  I   my   I'll talk about my grandfather . my grandfater
he died when I was quite young but I knew that he loved me lots
and he had . a . cherry orchard with a cage . and on the . over the cage there was a walnut tree .
and he used to take me up the ladder . and have me crawl out . pick the walnuts off off the top of the cage .
and it was sort of kind of special . because I knew that I was the only person that could do it cos I was little  
and he   he just . I just knew how much he loved me   .
which and he he died when I was about six so I didn't have very long with him
yes it was was kinda special
no I'll tell you another little story about him and this bit's this bit's sad .
remember my age that I'm seventy five and when .
  somebody died in the family when you were a child you were shut out they didn't tell you about it
and I remember sitting up on the table . while the   . while his wife and my mum and dad
were discussing . what was wrong with him and what they were going to do about the funeral .
and they didn't ever think that I was . could have heard it  
it was quite interesting to and I always remember what they said was .
wrong with him . um it was   it was   you know children are seen and not heard   in that time  
so it was . um . I always remember my own dad was   a engineer and it was in the war he had a a motorbike
little Bellasat that needed a lot of attention I remember sitting in the gutter .
watching him fix it . and so I grew up knowing all about the how an engine worked .
and would you believe I had three sons so when they got into engines and things I knew what they were talking about
so it was it I always thought some of those things are meant to be if you know   what I mean
yes and it was really interesting
I had a banana and a glass of milk .
a banana and a glass of milk .
yes    
you might like to have a look or just um . just read start reading when you're ready .
the grandfather passage . you you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he's nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice   prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
oh I didn't realise you were recording it sorry .
yes
yes .
um the first one where you gave me the words .
                                                                                
