lying . basking like seals . in the on the hot rock at Oraro
six or seven . compleatly um . un PC no sunblock . no sunhats . ah five brothers .
laughing and jumping into the lagoon which no longer exists . ah just carefree days
a war going on but we were un aware of it mmm .
bombing in on one another very . you know very combat   very very ah physical . um
splashing one another with water when they were dry and .
drawing on the   on your back and you had to um . recognise what had been drawn . um .
telling smutty stories
oh the boys were excellent at that  
yes Morris he's two years and nine months younger than I am . and ah no we're still very very good friends yes .
and we shared the three quarter bed and um .
mum had sent away to Farmers in Christchurch . and ordered a . duvet . not a duvet an eiderdown  
in feathers and . us little darlings decided to make a hit . and we put it . on a nail . and mum .
mum came in and there was feathers everywhere with a candle we had a candle going no no electricity .
and there were feathers everywhere . and I think we might have had a few a couple of sore bottoms too mmm
what I have for breakfast I had some ah frozen apricots which I do myself . I had some muesli and I had some yogurt .
that yes yeah fruit and yogurts yeah .
mmm fine    
so you might like to look at it first . let me know when you are ready to read it out loud    
oh yeah I can do that
are you right
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well .
he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language mmm
yeah .
the drawing the memory drawing from that sort of churchy come .   complex
I think too I probably didn't realise I had to memorize it .   so you're not  
                                                                                
