um .
yeah um I used to go to my grandmother's a lot ah who lived a way out in the country
and our grandmother gave us a huge amount of freedom so we could roam the countryside as very young children .
um and she lived by a cliff and we could wander down this cliff .
and down at the bottom of the cliff were some rocks
that went up and sea came through part of one of them and at the top you could push sand down into this blowhole .
part   and we used to love going down there and for years
we actually used to put that sand down . this blowhole and granny never came with us
we just used to roam the countryside um . and . but that was one memory I just loved putting that sand down that blowhole
my breakfast is in bed and my husband gets up since he's retired
and I had porridge that has raisins in it it's cooked in the microwave . and that was my breakfast with a cup of tea
it's either that porridge .
or the other thing he does is I have homemade muesli and we have fruit on it and yoghurt on it and that's .
my best breakfast
fine thank you
so it's not a test of reading skill or anything like that so do feel free to look through it first if you'd like
otherwise ah just feel free to read through when you're ready .
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well . he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zeal upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yeah
um remembering those words  
                                                                                
