an early happy childhood memory     
:   
really the only early happy childhood memory that comes to mind was the fact that me and my brother  
were very close eighteen months apart . and we used to always play together he's younger than I am   
ah   but we used to go to the races with my parents at Wingatui and Forbury park .
but we'd always wind up at the ah stables   where the horses were  
we enjoyed the animals . ah and in fact if we got a chance to walk ~ walk a . a horse around a . a sort of birdcage area .
to cool down after a race . this was great fun   ah .
so   yeah that was a highlight
well we spent a lot of time playing in the town belt .
  in Dunedin . um . that's the town belt athe north end of Highgate  
ah by Prospect park . ah where we used to play football and cricket . ah   and collect passionfruit  
cos there were   wild passionfruit vines . which were . ah .
growing in the town belt . and in season   it was terrific to climb these trees to a   
almost a frightening height now when I think about it . ah but
being very light I was able to get right to . the extremes .
and get all these passionfruit and of course we'd eat them but ah .
we'd always collected many more than we could consume . so we'd leave a trail of passionfruit skins up Highgate for about
the first hundred yards til we got home .
we also used to like going along Cannington road to the Ross creek reservoir . which . had a  
large bush area . ah there were birds . um . lot of pigeons and tuis .
ah in fact I've been back there recently   within the last four years . and ah   
I think there were more tuis there but there were less pigeons but they were they were um .
yeah they were things that . I really enjoyed  
three weetbix one cup of coffee
three weetbix . one cup of coffee I always have three weetbix one cup of coffee  
yeah I'm fine
you can have a look at it first . or just read it straight away you just let me know when you're ready to go   
:   
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well .
he's really nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself . in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a  nounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with a zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to   to walk more and smoke less but he always answers . banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
I think so
which part was the hardest ?
oh it   remembering that . to draw that . figure  
                                                                                
