um probably going for picnics with the family on the weekend .
to a place called Crystal Creek north of Townsville . um .
used to pack everything up and go up there in the . the Crystal Creek had a um .
a rock slide that had been worn by the water . so used to go up the top and wee .  
splash down the bottom it was very cold
  but we used to look forward to doing that and we also used to go to another place
and when I think of it now it gives me the willies
that was when the river was in flood we used to walk right up jump in and go wee
back down to where we were picnicing . and I think back now .
what could have happened mind you
they were the easy days before the days of um . political correctness .
um . going over to magnetic island . ah and sadly getting quite sunburnt
I hate to think what I've done to the skin now . um
specially when we were at school we used to go in school groups
we went across on the boat which took a hour and then
spent the day over there and then came back late in the afternoon .
ah waht did you have for breakfast? .
cereal   just which sort or
weet bix muesli and all bran with saltanas and a piece of very nice toast with marmalade
and a cup of coffee
that's my favourite time of the day just exactly that
yeah fine .
so you might like to have a quick look . just um . carry on as soon as you're ready  
just want me to read it?   .
grandfather passage you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced
feeling of the utmost respect . twice each day he plays skilfully and with
zest upon a small organ . except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he walk
slowly takes a walk slow walk . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yip
  well apart from . slip up mmm
I don't think they're either . particularly hard actually
um well just trying to re draw that
                                                                                
