ah yeah meeting um     McDermot . in Reefton . in a boxing match  
when I was really scared before I went into the ring . I felt good after that
yeah I beat him
I beat him well yeah
  I always wanted to get into boxing
yeah it was quite good
yep and ah   yeah older and bigger and . yeah it was great
  yeah one of those things you remember
  because it was all the way from Greymouth on the bus all the way out
  to Reefton was a real worry
got into   . excellent   well thank you very much for that .
ok ah what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
um muesli . um . half a banana . half a kiwifruit . um half an orange  
big plate of muesli it was um toast and marmalade
toast and honey . and about three cups of tea .
so it's a fair breakfast that we have  
well that's about it yeah except Saturdays I always cook up . bacon egg
hash browns the real works tomoatoes yeah
yep
so it's not a test of reading skill so um feel free to read through it first
ah yourself if you like
no it's sweet
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks likes . he still thinks
as swiftly as ever he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the
open air each day . we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answered
banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
I don't know I've ever heard of
alright so we're finished the recording part so that went ok didn't it?
yep good mmm
mainly I think the ah . there was the word one . if you know what I  
I can go through it now I think face velvet . daisy . red .
bonus points
                                                                                
