  running all over Christchurch I suppose would be about the .
the best thing we ever did when we were kids we didn't have all these .
modern gadjets that they've got today to play around with  
everybody . would have congregated at our house all the kids in the neighbourhood .
and we'd all we'd go round bike shops get the old rims and
make hoops and away we'd go
mmm how much more do you want
be   anywhere in Christchurch   we'd go right through Hagley Park . up the hills .
up the Cashmere Hills and
used to . go round then then at one stage we'd bomb around all the rubbish bins at bike shops
pick up all the bits make bikes away we'd go
we   probably ingenious . as kids that . scooters make used to make scooters
carts . you name it we'd did it  
yeah
well that was about it I spose
oh we've had a good life .   you know as kids .   cos we had nothing
bystander: don't need much
alrighty um can you tell me what you had for breakfast this morning .
yes All Bran and . an apple ah . juice not not juice apple puree
All Bran and a bit of fruit on it mmm
now as I mentioned I've got this paragraph for you to read
ah so it's not a test of reading skill so do feel free to look through it first
ah if you wish otherwise ah just read that aloud when you're ready    
yeah ok
the the grandfathers passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin giving
those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect
twice each day he plays skilfully . and with zest upon a small organ
except in the winter when the snow or ice   prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
right so that's the recording part over so that went ok didn't it?
ah think so
  remembering those . four or five words you gave me
                                                                                
