oh my gosh
funny   um  
  then maybe just something   from your childhood
  something happened in my childhood . um   well this will be something anyway . um  
I was born just before the war started I was sixth months old when World War Two broke out .
so my father was called up . later in very   . at the end of the year .
and so when I was growing up we used to go and stay quite a lot with my maternal grandmother .
who lived . not far away about   twenty thirty miles away something like that .
had to get a train to get there . steam train .
as   as a result I grew up loving steam trains still do .
um . so we used to go and stay . my mother and I with her . she was a widow by then  
and she had this small .
farm which her brother used to run for her but she still had chickens and .
farm buildings were there . and I loved it because   um .
I go out and gather mushrooms in the morning and collect the eggs from the chickens
cos I   lived in a .
um . suburb of a small town market town . on the east coast of England .
and I had a lot of freedom there . um . my parents were  
reasonably protective of me growing up
they were very worried because there was a river at the end of the garden
there was a railway not far away and there was a . a road   outside the house .
a very quiet road but a road none the less . but when I used to stay with my grandmother .
um . I used to wander through the fields and do all sorts of things and nobody worried about me
my mother grandmother used to say . um .
don't go near the cow and then she used to say well they won't allow you to get near them anyway
. um . so there was all all sorts of things to do and I was
quite used to entertaining myself because I was an only child til I was almost seven years old
. my brother arrived after my father was . um . um .
  so and it was I remember one of the things
yeah there's all sorts of things they rigged up a a swing for me in inside one of the um .
place that used to keep the cattle in . quite some years before all cleaned out now .
fun like that . but at the same time
very much still aware that there was a war going on
cos this was on the east coast of England   and near the .
um North Sea between us and . Germany   and I can remember one particular . um going down .
well one particular occasion at night . um for some reason I woke up and I went down stairs .
and it it would have been summer . and um
my   my mother and grandmother weren't in the house
and I thought where are they so I went out . and they were stood outside .
um out little way outside at the back door
and they were looking up in the sky and they were looking at the search lights .
um which they'd . I mean in the country you didn't have things like in town you got a warning
if there was a . a planes coming in   . and you also got the all clear afterwards
similar srien but different sound . but in the in a country area you didn't get that
all you heard was the sound of the planes
and sometimes the anti aircraft guns cos there was that not that far in you know .
town not far from us . and .
and they were watching the search lights and they used to beam like this huge torches up in the air
trying to get the planes in it . and ah  
and then after that you know they decided oh it was alright there was nothing round there
they go back to bed   for the night .
yeah I don't know I could talk about that for ages
  you've finally had enough   I do think I have a
New Zealand accent I don't I say ten not ten
  thank you um what did you have for breakfast? .
didn't have any breakfast I don't eat breakfast
I had a drink of milk   that's what I use I have a glass of milk .
I don't have breakfast because     the food's too early in the day I'll have  
maybe a something savoury to eat at coffee time
yeah fine
oh the grandfather passage you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing nearly had them both missing there
ah strong table sorry a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
I haven't heard that one before  
  movements from downstairs because of the M when they start the MRI machine of the
  making the yeah   yeah
yeah   um   it kind of like
feel like a bit of like a aftershock but it's it's not  
no it was . just initially it was too solid to be an earthquake
yeah fine I think yeah
trying to um trying to um trying to um . replicate that that  
drawing drawing
which was complicated and I knew there were little bits in it that I thought .
no I put a   I put diagonals the whole thing and I don't think there were so yeah it was quite
quite complicated .
                                                                                
