um that um happened when you were growing up  
yeah well lots of things ah .
well . it wasn't altogether funny but I remember the day that ah
we were playing in the sandpit and my friend ah .
had a wee accident it seemed very funny at the time .
and he was late back into class    
sure ah I was out for a walk with a granddaughter . ah one Sunday  
oh about ten years ago I guess and ah
she fell about laughing she was only four at the time she fell about laughing this this .
petite blonde beautiful child . and ah  
I asked what the problem was and she pointed to an M G sports car you know the sort of thing a lot of people would die for  
and I said what's wrong with it? it hasn't got a roof .
so I guess ah a child's perception is a little different .
a lot of people would have loved to have had a .
car like that   with a blonde with her hair streaming behind you know . yeah .
she did
this morning ah . cereals yoghurt . a bit of milk toast with ah .
marmalade ah . ginger marmalade  
discovered ginger marmalade in ah .
Australia when we were over there I didn't like marmalades of any other sort before that
and a cup of cofee .
exactly that . oh maybe honey or .
something else . a different spead but otherwise that .
yeah yeah I'm fine   
it's not a test of reading skill um .
might want to have a look at it first or otherwise just start reading when you're ready   
the grandfather passage  
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing  
a long beard   clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to   walk more and smoke less .
but he always answers banana oil  
grandfather likes to be modern in his language
yeah yeah fine
ah . yeah   
remembering that drawing and ah sometimes the words but yeah .
everything else seemed to be okay   yeah
                                                                                
