  
oh well I didn't think it was funny at the time but yes I remember when I was quite small
ah   I slept in a cot until I was three or four   it was a very big   metal cot with . brass knobs on the corner .
and um   I must have been calling out in the evening after I'd been put to bed .
um . my father was in the room next door I think he had a visitor . and um   I must have been  
not going to sleep and calling out . and  
um without saying a word my father came in and lifted me out of the cot and popped me out the window and shut the window and went away  
now he didn't say a word . and I can't remember I presume I ran away round the house it wasn't quite dark
and came in and I probably went to sleep after that but at the time I ah wondered what on earth had happened my father was a very
gentle kind person he never . you know he never hurt me or did anything like that but he w s tired of me   calling out
so um I remember that um . quite clearly  
oh this morning oh I have what I usually have in the winter time porridge .
with milk and a little bit of sugar um raw sugar and then .   one slice of . ah . wholemeal toast . with marmite .
half marmite and half lemon honey   and I don't drink with my meals I will have . a cup of tea or coffee about an hour's   about an hour later
what do I like best? oh I probably prefer the summer time fruit and weetbix and ah   and muesli and um yoghurt
and my usual slice of toast   mm
yeah I'm fine mm
the grandfather passage
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing
a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less  
but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language
that's lovely isn't it  
kay so out of all the tests that we've done today which one was the hardest for you?   
which was the hardest   well drawing   that complicated picture from memory   I think was probably the hardest  
                                                                                
