when you were growing up? .
  
yes well quite a few things   I remember as a young fellow ah
quite young and we used to have a Chinaman delivering our vegetables
  and he came in in an old truck .
and my friend and I across the road
he turned up one day and we filled his truck cab up with gorse
he actually came back while we were in the middle of this and chased us um
we ran into my friend's house and hid in the bedroom .
and ah the next thing the Chinaman is at the door waving his ah knife .
and my friend's father blockaded him and ah
that was the event but it's always stuck in my memory
Interviewer (Simon): oh he wouldn't have been too happy to come round delivering your veges after that
I don't imagine  
so that was bit of a laugh
Interviewer (Simon): oh very good . excellent well thank you for that . all right um .
what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
ah muesli . toast .
Interviewer (Simon): good
and a cuppa cup of tea
Interviewer (Simon): excellent . and what do you like best for breakfast? .
ah scrambled eggs
Interviewer (Simon): oh right . excellent .
alright thank you alright so we're nearly finished there are you okay?
yeah good good
Interviewer (Simon): right so as I mentioned we've just got this passage for you to read .
ah not a test of reading skill so if you don't  
do wanna have a wee look through it first that's fine but when you're ready just read that aloud  
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather
well he is nearly ninety three years old  
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ.
except in winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers .
banana oil grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
  sounds a bit familiar
Interviewer (Simon): very good thank you for that
so that's the recording part   so that went okay didn't it
yeah
Interviewer (Simon): cool . so ah which test have you found the hardest?  
remembering those words
Interviewer (Simon): oh yeah all right excellent thank you
                                                                                
