  
well I've got a scar on my hand . because when I was about . six or seven
I climbed on a corrugated iron fence and was standing on a small  
piece of wood which broke and I was left hanging .
on the corrugated iron with one hand my right hand .
so . I . had quite a   well it didn't
affect my the use of the hand but always
I have been able to find my right hand by using my thumb to find the scar
and I it took me a long time before I could say that's the right hand and that's the left
well so that's not really funny or amusing but that's that must definitely have stuck in your memory a wee bit .
so that would have left you a wee bit traumatised at the time I
  I can't remember I think I had a stitch or two but the the scar . actually is .
quite um . wide   so they might not have and there's another   you can see the corrugation you see  
right now . ah what did you have for breakfast this morning?
porridge and . one piece of toast which I divide in three one piece has . um
marmite one piece has peanut butter and one piece has . um   chocolate you know chocolate
and what do you like best for breakfast?  
that
yes
ah so do feel free to look through it first and when you are ready you can just read that aloud   
the grandfather passage .
you wish to know all about my grandfather .
well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard clings to his chin giving those who observe him   a
a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents .
he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers .
banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language
all right so ah that's that's the recording there so the recording went okay didn't it
oh I dunno
remembering the words  
                                                                                
