funny or amusing that happened to you or even a friend when you were growing up    
or any sort of story that sticks in your memory from childhood .
well um . my sister and I were identical twins so we constantly had fun um
and when we used to go to the dances back then
the boys used to book a dance you know would you keep me the
destiny or would you won't even know these things or the maxina or something like that
and um then we'd   we'd say oh yes and then go back and sit down together again and
you know she'd say oh
    you know 'Dan asked me to keep the destiny' oh he's a
'don't you dare get up with him' she's say you know because
you'd see him walking towards us and the eyes would be going from side to side
and of course if I really liked him I'd get up and she'd do the same to me
over and over nobody knew who was who
I used be able to tell them apart now I you know see them quite often and I still have
no idea   the who's who  
no we we . we . fooled people for years as soon as they . said
you know 'I've got you right now I know who you are'
and then they'd say something to Shirley and I'd say I'm not Shirley I'm June .
and and of course they're back to square one aren't they
we did that all our lives yes  
alright ah what did you have for breakfast this morning? .
um muesli but of course that's the same thing I have every morning   it's
oh home made muesli with fruit and nuts and seeds and things
healthy plate
yes
it's not a test of reading skill so if you do want to look through it first that's fine
but when you're ready you just read that aloud    
ok
you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice  twice each day he plays   skilfully with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk
walk   in the open air each day . we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less
but he always answers banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yep .
oh the drawing but that's my school teachers fault isn't it
                                                                                
