or maybe even a friend um just when you were growing up  
oh . ok um . shesh   um . something funny or amusing
that happened when I was growing up . ah well I guess um . something that
I always felt was ah funny and vaguely ironical was um growing up at a small country school where there were very few
so called discipline problems . but um . one day . Eric Taylor who came from a family of thirteen
um was hit on the head at lunch time . with a brick by Patrick Hinga .   and Patrick .
um had a few siblings it Patrick um . oh sometimes wasn't the brightest spark
but however I always think it was quite funny and ironical that
when asked to explain infront of us all who were awe struck that
this had happened nothing ever happened like that at our school .
he said 'well I did it because I thought he was a baddy' and he was actually on the same side
so yeah so that was the rationale for it and he wasn't a baddy at all so yeah
porridge as usual
porridge .
yeah
. um if you could just read that passage aloud there um   it's not a test of reading skill
so you might like to um . have a read through it first or look through it first
um but let me know when you're ready to read it out loud  
mmm hmm mmm hmm . ok .
the grandfather passage you wish to know all about my grandfather well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who   observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .   twice
twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we've often urged him to walk more . and smoke less . but he always answers banana oil
grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
mmm hmm
yeah
oh um the spacial . memory I guess . yeah
                                                                                
