when you were growing up .
oh when I was growing up .
oh when I was growing oh lots are there but I can't . um . remember it right now ah    
um what can I think of yes I I can think of going for a bike ride     um . one Sunday afternoon with a
girlfriend . and   coming to ah . at the corner of     Woodend Road and Golflinks Road .
ah     there were the ruins the foundations of a large     might not have been large but the foundations were .
of a . flour mill . I think . there . and   I   ah friend and I .
decided to walk round the top of the . foundations and a man in a car .
stopped and told us not to do it   and I can still . see why . cos when we looked down . there was all this  
stagnant water . and . big high concrete walls that went down into it . and what a silly thing it was to do
and how awful it would have been .   if we'd fallen  
yeah well we didn't really   I don't think we told our parents
I just had toast and tea .
well I choose out of three things one is rice bubbles and yoghurt     tea and toast . or porridge
and   um . molasses sugar .
so I um just have which one I feel like   on any particular day mmm  
yeah
um so it's not a test of reading skills so if you want to   look through it first that's ok
  but when you're ready you can just read that aloud please .
ok    
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself in an old black frock coat .
usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of utmost respect .
twice  twice each day he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers .
banana oil . father grandfather likes to be modern in his language
I don't know what banana oil is
Canadian lady who said her grandfather used to say that .
oh
yes
yes
ah     oh remembering those five words
that um yes .  
                                                                                
