um when you were growing up    
when I was growing up     I can remember being in South Africa as a young man . and   we were . out . drinking   my friend got .
had too much to drink and went upstairs . in this particular hotel   to go to the toilet . but there was also a bath in the toilet .
he decided to have a sleep in the bath   I . wondered where he was . and went to the   er   to the toilet . saw him lying in the bath .
so put the plug in and turned on the cold water .
that's half of what I think about . I thought about this guy yesterday or the day before I forget how he come up in
conversation . that's why I thought of that
okay . um   three weetbix with . milk and then . the place I'm .   staying at I open the fridge again and noticed some cream in there
so I had some cream . as well as the milk on the   weetbix   and two slices of toast . with jam .
usually I when I'm at home we have er I have porridge   with er   generally I don't   generally have cream . with milk  
and usually one or two slices of toast with marmalade    
I'm happy .
so if you want to have a look at it first that's fine   . um but if you let me know when you're ready to read out loud .
whenever you're ready I'm . ready to go
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all . about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old . yet he still .
thinks as swiftly as ever . he dresses himself . in an old . black frock . coat . usually with several buttons missing .
a long beard cleans to   clings to his chin giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day he plays skillfully with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil   grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
yeah fine .
  .       the first one . I would expect . er well   trying to draw that . that first drawing .   I found . difficult
um   I just couldn't co ordinate myself to do it properly   and then you gave me those five . words   .
er and . what ten fifteen minutes later I couldn't remember them .   yip
                                                                                
