funny or amusing
talk about what it was like growing up in .   Kenya
okay   well when you live in a country . that's the country you live in   and it doesn't seem particularly strange or . interesting .
but people now say oh you must have had an   interesting childhood . but when you're in the childhood   that's just   the normal .
  . so you don't er   doesn't feel interesting at the time .   mmm .
um yes . er we came to New Zealand when I was . sixteen   just sixteen . on a . big ship   and I went . to . Otago Girls Highschool  
seventh form in May . which was very difficult   because coming from another culture . into . New Zealand culture in the seventh form .
  everybody had their . friends and there were little cliques . and I felt quite strange   . not . I had a different school system .
I sat the um . the Cambridge school certificate where people here hadn't done that     so . I seem to have had adjustments right through my
childhood .   . from . going to boarding school at age seven which was a big adjustment   . going to school in Scotland for a while .
and um just generally . associated with moving around I guess . mmm  
um     well . my . parents . were New Zealanders . and . I have three older siblings . a lot older thirteen fourteen fifteen years older .
and . my parents thought rather than going back to New Zealand for their . leave . Scotland was closer than New Zealand
so they would leave my siblings in Scotland to go to highschool . which they did . leaving them in nineteen thirtynine .  
taking me back to Kenya . and then the war broke out .   and they didn't see those other three kids for eight years
so .   I was brought up . more or less as an only child . for eight years . and when we met up again in Scotland when I was eight .  
my sister was twentyfour .   and so   I really was virtually and only child
how old was I?   eight
  and my brother was twenty three and . twenty two . so . they had quite a deprived um . teenage years really cos they .
  lived in missionaries' homes and .   um . my   must've been very difficult for my parents .   mmm    
bit of a funny childhood
I had muesli and yoghurt and milk  
muesli yoghurt and milk .
I'm fine
yes .
just let me know when you're ready to read it out loud    
okay
the grandfather passage   you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever   he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing .  
a long beard . excuse me   clings to his chin . giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect  
twice each day . he plays skillfully and with zest . upon a small organ  
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk . in the open air each day  
we have often urged him to walk more . and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil   grandfather likes to be modern in his language  
what a ridiculous passage . banana oil .  
yeah I think so  
the frog .
um . drawing the drawing .
yes  
                                                                                
