um just when you were growing up?  
probably not I should've told the one I told you before    
that's awful I can't even think of anything . that that's been funny . oh well when I get outta here I'll think   of a  
I'll think of a dozen things I could have said   um     no
the age of about ten or eleven    
mmm   no I can't sort of think of anything much like that I can only say about . when I was growing up and that you know .
like in the days when um   when I where I lived you know you could go out on the street and play tennis   and .
cricket or anything like that you know .   we got paddocks next door . um . we used to have the council horses in there .
and then of course they used to bring them along with the and we used to hang off the back of them they used to have a chain hanging off the
back of them   and we'd go and run and grab the chain and pull yourself along on it and cos   . the old bugger is he's probably a lot
younger than me now . used to call us all the little bees under the sun . you know .
that's   you know . just things like that .   that I remember .
just toast and coffee that I   usually have .
um   well if I go out I actually like a continental breakfast more than a cooked breakfast   um .
I just like it better with the fruit and cereals and cream and stuff   you know  
mmm
yeah
so you if you'd like to look at it first that's fine but just let me know when you're ready to read out loud and .
okay . you wish to know all about my grandfather . well he is nearly ninety three years old   yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever .
he dresses himself in an old black frock coat . usually with several buttons missing . a long beard clings to his chin .
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of utmost respect . twice each day he plays skillfully and with zest upon a small   organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have an often urged him to walk more and smoke less . but he always answers . banana oil . grandfather likes to be modern in his language . .
yip
the drawing . because I can't draw
                                                                                
