um     just trying to think .
um yes I I think um . swimming . in the river on a Sunday
we the family would go to the river take a picnic and . we'd swim in this very shallow river
just um not worrying about sunscreen or anything else and
my mother was there and an uncle I was staying with and we
it became a family tradition and it was . just . a wonderful relaxed occasion because
my mother seemed to be so busy through the week and and to .
  have her . all to ourselves you know fooling about in the water was
was just wonderful   the three of us   and ah . my mother and uncle Allan
today?
porridge yogurt . um calci trim milk . wheat germ . all all . together . and then
an apricot and three Brazil nuts and . Nescafe with trim milk
um well a treat is something like um . pancakes or waffles with um .
maple syrup and perhaps bacon
I'm fine yip  
  it's not a test of reading skills   so you might like to have a look at it first .
um just let me know when you are ready to read aloud    
. yes I'm ready   .
the grandfather passage . you wish to know all about my grandfather well he is nearly ninety three years old .
yet he still thinks as swiftly as ever he dresses himself in an old black frock coat
  usually with several buttons missing a long beard clings to his chin
giving those who observe him a pronounced feeling of the utmost respect .
twice each day . he plays skilfully and with zest upon a small organ .
except in the winter when the snow or ice prevents . he slowly takes a short walk in the open air each day .
we have often urged him to walk more and smoke less but he always answers banana oil .
grandfather likes to be modern in his language .
oh yes . mmm fascinating I just . it's it's just amazing . um . you know that you can actually .
analyze these things and get information from it .
um . probably remembering the five . ah . names
  five words yes or or also . I mean it was interesting doing the drawing but to have to
remember it again well that was much more difficult
                                                                                
